fifteen days, any reserve requirement specified in this Act: Provided,
That it shall establish a graduated tax upon the amounts by which
the reserve requirements of this Act may be permitted to fall below
the level hereinafter specified: And provided further, That when the
gold reserve held against Federal reserve notes falls below forty per
centum, the Federal Reserve Board shall establish a graduated tax of
not more than one per centum per annum upon such deficiency until
the reserves fall to thirty-two and one-half per centum, and when
said reserve falls below thirty-two and one-half per centum, a tax at
the rate increasingly of not less than one and one-half per centum
per annum upon each two and one-half per centum or fraction thereof
that such reserve falls below thirty-two and one-half per centum.
The tax shall be paid by the reserve bank, but the reserve bank shall
add an amount equal to said tax to the rates of interest and discount
fixed by the Federal Reserve Board.

(d) To supervise and regulate through the bureau under the charge
of the Comptroller of the Currency the issue and retirement of Federal
reserve notes, and to prescribe rules and regulations under which such
notes may be delivered by the Comptroller to the Federal reserve
agents applying therefor.

(e) To add to the number of cities classified as reserve and central
reserve cities under existing law in which national banking associa-
tions are subject to the reserve requirements set forth in section
twenty of this Act; or to reclassify existing reserve and central reserve cities or to terminate their designation as such.

(f) To suspend or remove any officer or director of any Federal
reserve bank, the cause of such removal to be forthwith communi-
cated in writing by the Federal Reserve Board to the removed officer
or director and to said bank.

(g) To require the writing off of doubtful or worthless assets upon
the books and balance sheets of Federal reserve banks.

(h) To suspend, for the violation of any of the provisions of this
Act, the operations of any Federal reserve bank, to take possession
thereof, administer the same during the period of suspension, and,
when deemed advisable, to liquidate or reorganize such bank.

(i) To require bonds of Federal reserve agents, to make regulations
for the safeguarding of all collateral, bonds, Federal reserve notes,
money or property of any kind deposited in the hands of such
agents, and said board shall perform the duties, functions, or services
specified in this Act, and make all rules and regulations necessary to
enable said board effectively to perform the same.

(j) To exercise general supervision over said Feirercl reserve banks.

(k) To grant by special permit to national banks applying therefor,
when not in contravention of State or local law, the right to act as
trustee, executor, administrator, or registrar of stocks and bonds
under such rules and regulations as the said board may prescribe.

(1) To employ such attorneys, experts, assistants, clerks, or other
employees as may be deemed necessary to conduct the business of
the board. All salaries and fees shall be fixed in advance by said
board and shall be paid in the same manner as the salaries of the
members of said board. All such attorneys, experts, assistants,
clerks, and other employees shall be appointed without regard to the
provisions of the Act of January sixteenth, eighteen hundred and
eighty-three (volume twenty-two, United States Statutes at Large,