required therefor, then and in that event the said organization com- 
mittee may, under conditions and regulations to be prescribed by it, 
offer to public subscription at par such an amount of stock in said 
Federal reserve banks, or any one or more of them, as said committee 
shall determine, subject to the same conditions as to payment and 
stock liability as provided for member banks. 
No individual, copartnership, or corporation other than a member 
bank of its district shall be permitted to subscribe for or to hold at 
any time more than $25,000 par value of stock in any Federal reserve 
bank. Such stock shall be known as public stock and may be trans- 
ferred on the books of the Federal reserve bank by the chairman of 
the board of directors of such bank. 
Should the total subscriptions by banks and the public to the stock 
of said Federal reserve banks, or any one or more of them, be, in the 
judgment of the organization committee, insufficient to provide the 
amount of capital required therefor, then and in that event the said 
organization committee shall allot to the United States such an 
amount of said stock as said committee shall determine. Said United 
States stock shall be paid for at par out of any money in the Treas- 
ury not otherwise appropriated, and shall be held by the Secretary 
of the Treasury and disposed of for the benefit of the United States 
in such manner, at such times, and at such price, not less than par, 
as the Secretary of the Treasury shall determine. 
Stock not held by member banks shall not be entitled to voting 
power. 
The Federal Reserve Board is hereby empowered to adopt and 
promulgate rules and regulations governing the transfers of said 
stock. 
No Federal reserve bank shall commence business with a sub- 
scribed capital less than St,000,000. The organization of reserve 
districts and Federal reserve cities shall not be construed as chang- 
ing the present status of reserve cities and central reserve cities, 
except in so far as this Act changes the amount of reserves that 
may be carried with approved reserve agents located therein. The 
organization committee shall have power to appoint such assistants 
and incur such expenses in carrying out the provisions of this Act as 
it shall deem necessary, and such expenses shall be payable by the 
Treasurer of the United States upon voucher approved by the Secre- 
tary of the Treasury, and the sum of $100,000, or so much thereof as 
may be necessary, is hereby appropriated, out of any moneys in the 
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the payment of such 
expenses. 
BRANCH OFFICES. 
Sec. 3. Each Federal reserve bank shall establish branch banks 
within the Federal reserve district in which it is located and may do 
so in the district of any Federal reserve bank which may have been 
suspended. Such branches shall be operated by a board of directors 
under rules and regulations approved by the Federal Reserve Board. 
Directors of branch banks shall possess the same qualifications as 
directors of the Federal reserve banks. Four of said directors shall 
be selected by the reserve bank and three by the Federal Reserve 
Board, and they shall hold office during the pleasure, respectively, 
of the parent bank and the Federal Reserve Board. The reserve 
bank shall designate one of the directors as manager. 
20366 0-13------22 
