from being eligible for such discount; but such definition shall not
include notes, drafts, or bills covering merely investments or issued
or drawn for the purpose of carrying or trading in stocks, bonds, or
other investment securities, except bonds and notes of the Govern­
ment of the United States. Notes, drafts, and bills admitted to dis­
count under the terms of this paragraph must have a maturity at
the time of discount of not more than ninety clays: Provided, That
notes, drafts, and bills drawn or issued for agricultural purposes or
based on live stock and having a maturity not exceeding six months
may be discounted in an amount to be limited to a percentage of the
capital of the Federal reserve bank, to be ascertained and fixed by the
Federal Reserve Board.
Any Federal reserve bank may discount acceptances which are
based on the importation or exportation of goods and which have
a maturity at time of discount of not more than three months, and
indorsed by at least one member bank. The amount of acceptances
so discounted shall at no time exceed one-half the paid-up capital stock
and surplus of the bank for which the rediscounts are made.
The aggregate of such notes and bills bearing the signature or in­
dorsement of any one person, company, firm, or corporation redis­
counted for any one bank shall at no time exceed ten per centum of the
unimpaired capital and surplus of said bank; but this restriction shall
not apply to the discount of bills of exchange drawn in good faith
against actually existing values.
Any member bank may accept drafts or bills of exchange drawn
upon it and growing out of transactions involving the importation
or exportation of goods having not more than six months sight to
run; but no bank shall accept such bills to an amount equal at any
time in the aggregate to more than one-half its paid-up capital stock
and surplus.
Section fifty-two hundred and two of the Revised Statutes of the
United States is hereby amended so as to read as follows: No national
banking association shall at any time be indebted, or in any way
liable, to an amount exceeding the amount of its capital stock at such
time actually paid in and remaining undiminished by losses or other­
wise, except on account of demands of the nature following:
First. Notes of circulation.
Second. Moneys deposited with or collected by the association.
Third. Bills of exchange or drafts drawn against money actually
on deposit t.o the credit of the association, or due thereto.
Fourth. Liabilities to the stockholders of the association for
dividends and reserve profits.
Fifth. Liabilities incurred under the provisions of the Federal
Reserve Act.
The rediscount by any Federal reserve bank of any bills receivable
and of domestic and foreign bills of exchange, and of acceptances
authorized by this Act, shall be subject to such restrictions, limita­
tions, and regulations as may be imposed by the Federal Reserve
Board.

OPEN-MARKET OPERATIONS.
SEC. 14. Any Federal reserve bank may, under rules and regula­
tions prescribed by the Federal Reserve Board, purchase and sell in
the open market, at home or abroad, either from or to domestic or