the United States under regulations to be prescribed by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. Should a Federal reserve bank be dissolved
or go into liquidation, any surplus remaining, after the payment of all
debts, dividend requirements as hereinbefore provided, and the par
value of the stock, shall be paid to and become the property of the
United States and shall be similarly applied.
Federal reserve banks, including the capital stock and surplus
therein, and the income derived therefrom shall be exempt from
Federal, State, and local taxation, except taxes upon real estate.
Sec. 8. Section fifty-one hundred and fifty-four, United States
Revised Statutes, is hereby amended to read as follows:
Any bank incorporated by special law of any State of the
United States or organized under the general laws of any State or of
the United States and having an unimpaired capital sufficient to
entitle it to become a national banking association under the pro-
visions of the existing laws may, by the vote of the shareholders
owning not less than fifty-one per centum of the capital stock of
such bank or banking association, with the approval of the Comp-
troller of the Currency be converted into a national banking associ-
ation, with any name approved by the Comptroller of the Currency:
Provided, however, That said conversion shall not be in contravention
of the State law. In such case the articles of association and organi-
zation certificate may be executed by a majority of the directors of
the bank or banking institution, and the certificate shall declare that
the owners of fifty-one per centum of the capital stock have author-
ized the directors to make such certificate and to change or convert
the bank or banking institution into a national association. A ma-
jority of the directors, after executing the articles of association and
the organization certificate, shall have power to execute all other
papers and to do whatever may be required to make its organization
perfect and complete as a national association. The shares of any
such bank may continue to be for the same amount each as they
were before the conversion, and the directors may continue to be
directors of the association until others are elected or appointed in
accordance with the provisions of the statutes of the United States.
When the Comptroller has given to such bank or banking association
a certificate that the provisions of this Act have been complied with,
such bank or banking association, and all its stockholders, officers,
and employes, shall have the same powers and privileges, and shall
be subject to the same duties, liabilities, and regulations, in all re-
spects, as shall have been prescribed by the Federal Reserve Act and
by the national banking Act for associations originally organized as
national banking associations.

STATE BANKS AS MEMBERS.

Sec. 9. Any bank incorporated by special law of any State, or
organized under the general laws of any State or of the United
States, may make application to the reserve bank organization
committee, pending organization, and thereafter to the Federal
Reserve Board for the right to subscribe to the stock of the Federal
reserve bank organized or to be organized within the Federal reserve
district where the applicant is located. The organization committee
or the Federal Reserve Board, under such rules and regulations as