80 STAT. ] PUBLIC LAW 89-695-OCT. 16, 1966 1049

upon such director, officer, or other person, suspend him from office and/or prohibit him from further participation in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of the bank. Such suspension and/or prohibition shall become effective upon service of such notice and, unless stayed by a court in proceedings authorized by subsection (f) of this section, shall remain in effect pending the completion of the administrative proceedings pursuant to the notice served under paragraph (1) or (3) of this subsection and until such time as the agency shall dismiss the charges specified in such notice, or, if an order of removal and/or prohibition is issued against the director or officer or other person, until the effective date of any such order. Copies of any such notice shall also be served upon the bank of which he is a director or officer or in the conduct of whose affairs he has participated.
    "(6) In respect to any director or officer of a national banking association or a District bank, or any other person referred to in paragraph (2) or (4) of this subsection, the Comptroller of the Currency may, if he deems it necessary for the protection of the bank or the interests of its depositors that such director or officer be suspended from office or prohibited from further participation in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of the bank, certify the facts to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
    "(7) In the case of a certification to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System under paragraph (2) or (4) of this subsection, the Board may serve upon the director, officer, or other person involved, a written notice of its intention to remove him from office and/or to prohibit him from further participation in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of the bank. In the case of a certification to the Board of Govenors of the Federal Reserve System under paragraph (6) of this subsection, the Board may by written notice to such effect served upon such director, officer, or other person, suspend him from office and/or prohibit him from further participation in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of the bank. Such suspension and/or prohibition shall become effective upon service of such notice and, unless stayed by a court in proceedings authorized by subsection (f) of this section, shall remain in effect pending the completion of the administrative proceedings pursuant to the notice served under the first sentence of this paragraph and until such time as the Board shall dismiss the charges specified in such notice, or, if an order of removal and/or prohibition is issued against the director or officer or other person, until the effective date of any such order. Copies of any such notice shall also be served upon the bank of which he is a director or officer or in the conduct of whose affairs he has participated. For the purposes of this paragraph and paragraph (8) of this subsection, the Comptroller of the Currency shall be entitled in any case involving a national bank or a District bank to sit as a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and to participate in its deliberations on any such case and to vote thereon in all respects as a member of such Board.
    "(8) A notice of intention to remove a director, officer, or other person from office and/or to prohibit his participation in the conduct of the affairs of an insured bank, shall contain a statement of the facts constituting grounds therefor, and shall fix a time and place at which a hearing will be held thereon. Such hearing shall be fixed for a date not earlier than thirty days nor later than sixty days after the date of service of such notice, unless an earlier or a later date is set by the agency at the request of (A) such director or officer or other person, and for good cause shown, or (B) the Attorney General of the United States. Unless such director, officer, or other person shall appear