80 STAT. ]
PUBLIC LAW 89-695-OCT. 16, 1966                      
1043

president or other chief executive officer of such institution shall promptly report such facts to the Corporation upon obtaining knowl- edge of such change. As used in this subsection, the term "control" means the power to directly or indirectly direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the insured institution. If there is any doubt as to whether a change in ownership or other change in the outstanding voting stock of any insured institution is sufficient to result in control or a change in the control thereof, such doubt shall be resolved in favor of reporting the facts to the Corporation. 

" (2) Whenever an insured institution or an insured bank of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation makes a loan or loans secured (or to be secured) by 25 per centum or more of the voting stock of an insured institution, the president or other chief executive officer of the lending insured institution or insured bank shall promptly report such fact to the Corporation upon obtaining knowledge of such loan or loans, except that no report need be made in those cases where the borrower has been the owner of record of the stock for a period of one year or more, or the stock is of a newly organized insured institution prior to its opening.

" (3) The reports required by paragraphs (1) and (2) of this sub- section shall contain the following information to the extent that it is known by the person making the report: (A) the number of shares involved, (B) the names of the sellers (or transferors), (C) the names of the purchasers (or transferees), (D) the names of the beneficial owners if the shares are of record in another name or other names, (E) the purchase price, (F) the total number of shares owned by the sellers (or transferors), the purchasers (or transferees) and the beneficial owners both immediately before and after the transaction, and in the case of a loan, (G) the name of the borrower, (H) the amount of the loan, and (I) the name of the institution issuing the stock securing the loan and the number of shares securing the loan. In addition to the foregoing, such report shall contain such other information as may be available to inform the Corporation of the effect of the transaction upon control of the institution whose stock is involved. The reports required by this subsection shall be in addition to any reports that may be required pursuant to other provisions of law.

" (4) Whenever such a change as is described in paragraph (1) of this subsection occurs, the insured institution involved shall report promptly to the Corporation any change or changes, or replacements or replacements of its chief executive officer or of any director oc- curring in the next twelve-month period, including in its report a state- ment of the past and current business and professional affiliations of the new chief executive officer or director.  

"(5) Without limitation by or on the foregoing provisions of this subsection, the Corporation may require insured institutions and indi- viduals or other persons who have or have had any connection with the management of any insured institution, as defined by the Corporation, to provide, in such manner and under such civil penalties (which shall be cumulative to any other remedies) as the Corporation may prescribe, such periodic or other reports and disclosures as the Corporation may determine to be necessary or appropriate for the protection of investors or the Corporation. 

" (6) As used in this subsection, the term 'stock' means such stock or other equity securities or equity interests in an insured institution, or rights, interests, or powers with respect thereto, regardless of whether such institution is a stock company, a mutual institution, or otherwise, as the Corporation may by regulation define for the pur- poses of this subsection.
"Control."