association for inspection to any examiner or to any lawful agent of the Board. The Board shall have exclusive power and jurisdiction to appoint a conservator or receiver. If, in the opinion of the Board, a ground for the appointment of a conservator or receiver as herein provided exists, the Board is authorized to appoint ex parte and without notice a conservator or receiver for the association. In the event of such appointment, the association may, within thirty days thereafter, bring an action in the United States district court for the judicial district in which the home office of such association is located, or in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, for an order requiring the Board to remove such conservator or receiver, and the court shall upon the merits dismiss such action or direct the Board to remove such conservator or receiver. Such proceedings shall be given precedence over other cases pending in such courts, and shall be in every way expedited. Upon the commencement of such an action, the court having jurisdiction of any other action or proceeding authorized under this subsection to which the association is a party shall stay such action or proceeding during the pendency of the action for removal of the conservator or receiver.
“(B) In addition to the foregoing provisions, the Board may, without any requirement of notice, hearing, or other action, appoint a conservator or receiver for an association in the event that (i) the association, by resolution of its board of directors or of its members, consents to such appointment, or (ii) the association is removed from membership in any Federal home loan bank, or its status as an institution the accounts of which are insured by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation is terminated.
“(C) Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, no court may take any action for or toward the removal of any conservator or receiver, or, except at the instance of the Board, restrain or affect the exercise of powers or functions of a conservator or receiver.
“(D) A conservator shall have all the powers of the members, the directors, and the officers of the association and shall be authorized to operate the association in its own name or to conserve its assets in the manner and to the extent authorized by the Board. The Board shall appoint only the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation as receiver for an association, and said Corporation shall have power to buy at its own sale as receiver, subject to approval by the Board. The Board may, without any requirement of notice, hearing, or other action, replace a conservator with another conservator or with a receiver, but any such replacement shall not affect any right which the association may have to obtain judicial review of the original appointment, except that any removal under this paragraph (6) shall be removal of the conservator or receiver in office at the time of such removal.
“(7) (A) Any hearing provided for in this subsection (d) shall be held in the Federal judicial district or in the territory in which the home office of the association is located unless the party afforded the hearing consents to another place, and shall be conducted in accordance with the provisions of chapter 5 of title 5 of the United States Code. Such hearing shall be private, unless the Board, in its discretion, after fully considering the views of the party afforded the hearing, determines that a public hearing is necessary to protect the public interest. After such hearing, and within ninety days after the Board has notified the parties that the case has been submitted to it for final decision, the Board shall render its decision (which shall include findings of fact upon which its decision is predicated) and shall issue and cause to be served upon each party to the proceeding an order or orders consistent with the provisions of this subsection. Judicial review of any