1054                                           PUBLIC LAW 89-695-OCT. 16, 1966                                    [80 STAT.

representatives, shall have the power to administer oaths and affirmations and to examine and to take and preserve testimony under oath as to any matter in respect of the affairs or ownership of any such bank or affiliate thereof, and to issue subpoenas and subpoenas duces tecum, and, for the enforcement thereof, to apply to the United States district court for the judicial district or the United States court in any territory in which the main office of the bank or affiliate thereof is located, or in which the witness resides or carries on business. Such courts shall have jurisdiction and power to order and require compliance with any such subpoena. For purposes of this section, the term 'affiliate' shall have the same meaning as where used in section 2(b) of the Banking Act of 1933 (12 U.S.C. 221a(b) ) except that the term 'member bank' in said section 2(b) shall be deemed to refer to an insured bank."

"Affiliate." 48 Stat. 162; Ante, p. 242. " Member bank."

Insured bank, termination of status. 64 Stat. 879.

Sec. 204. The first five sentences of section 8(a) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1818(a) ) are amended to read as follows:
Sec. 8. (a) Any insured bank (except a national member bank or State member bank) may, upon not less than ninety days' written notice to the Corporation, terminate its status as an insured bank. Whenever the Board of Directors shall find that an insured bank or its directors or trustees have engaged or are engaging in unsafe or unsound practices in conducting the business of such bank, or is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations as an insured bank, or has violated an applicable law, rule, regulation or order, or any condition imposed in writing by the Corporation in connection with the granting of any application or other request by the bank, or any written agreement entered into with the Corporation, the Board of Directors shall first give to the Comptroller of the Currency in the case of a national bank, or to the authority having supervision of the bank in the case of a State bank, and to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System in the case of a State member bank, a statement with respect to such practices or violations for the purpose of securing the correction thereof and shall give a copy thereof to the bank. Unless such correction shall be made within one hundred and twenty days, or such shorter period not less than twenty days fixed by the Corporation in any case where the Board of Directors in its discretion has determined that the insurance risk of the Corporation is unduly jeopardized, or fixed by the Comptroller of the Currency in the case of a national bank, or the State authority in the case of a State bank, or Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System in the case of a State member bank as the case may be, the Board of Directors, if it shall determine to proceed further, shall give to the bank not less than thirty days' written notice of intention to terminate the status of the bank as an insured bank, and shall fix a time and place for a hearing before the Board of Directors or before a person designated by it to conduct such hearing, at which evidence may be produced, and upon such evidence the Board of Directors shall make written findings which shall be conclusive. If the Board of Directors shall find that any unsafe or unsound practice or condition or violation specified in such statement has been established and has not been corrected within the time above prescribed in which to make such corrections, the Board of Directors may order that the insured status of the bank be terminated on a date subsequent to such finding and to the expiration of the time specified in such notice of intention. Unless the bank shall appear at the hearing by a duly authorized representative, it shall be deemed to have consented to the termination of its status as an insured bank and termination of such status thereupon may be ordered. Any insured bank whose insured status has been terminated by order of the Board of Directors under this subsection shall have the right of judi-