80 STAT. ]         	                     PUBLIC LAW 89-695—OCT. 16, 1966	                                          		             1041

suspend him from office and/or prohibit him from further participation in any matter in the conduct of the affairs of the institution. A copy of such notice shall also be served upon the institution. Such suspension and/or prohibition shall remain in effect until such information, indictment, or complaint is finally disposed of or until terminated by the Corporation. In the event that a judgment of conviction with respect to such offense is entered against such director, officer, or other person, and at such time as such judgment is not subject to further appellate review, the Corporation may issue and serve upon such director, officer, or other person an order removing him from office and/or prohibiting him from further participation in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of the institution except with the consent of the Corporation. A copy of such order shall also be served upon such institution, whereupon such director or officer shall cease to be a director or officer of such institution. A finding of not guilty or other disposition of the charge shall not preclude the Corporation from thereafter instituting proceedings to remove such director, officer, or other person from office and/or to prohibit further participation in institutions affairs, pursuant to paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (g) of this section.

"(i)      TERMINATION OF FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK MEMBERSHIP.—Termination under this section or otherwise of the status of an institution as an insured institution shall automatically constitute a removal under subsection (i) of section 6 of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act of the institution from Federal home loan bank membership, if at the time of such termination such institution is a member of a Federal home loan bank; and removal of an institution from Federal home loan bank membership under subsection (i) of section 6 of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act or otherwise shall automatically constitute an order of termination under this section of the status of such institution as an insured institution, if such institution is at the time of such removal an insured institution.

"(j) HEARINGS AND JUDICIAL REVIEW.—(1) Any hearing provided for in this section shall be held in the Federal judicial district or in the territory in which the principal office of the institution is located unless the party afforded the hearing consents to another place, and shall be conducted in accordance with the provisions of chapter 5 of title 5 of the United States Code. Such hearing shall be private, unless the Corporation, in its discretion, after fully considering the views of the party afforded the hearing, determines that a public hearing is necessary to protect the public interest. After such hearing, and within ninety days after the Corporation has notified the parties that the case has been submitted to it for final decision, the Corporation shall render its decision (which shall include findings of fact upon which its decision is predicated) and shall issue and cause to be served upon each party to the proceeding an order or orders consistent with the provisions of this section. Judicial review of any such order shall be exclusively as provided in this subsection. Unless a petition for review is timely filed in a court of appeals of the United States, as hereinafter provided in paragraph (2) of this subsection, and thereafter until the record in the proceeding has been filed as so provided, the Corporation may at any time, upon such notice and in such manner as it shall deem proper, modify, terminate, or set aside any such order. Upon such filing of the record, the Corporation may modify, terminate, or set aside any such order with permission of the court.

"(2) Any party to the proceeding, or any person required by an order issued under this section to cease and desist from any of the violations or practices stated therein, may obtain a review of any order served pursuant to paragraph (1) of this subsection (other

47 Stat. 729; 69 Stat. 640.
12 USC 1426.

Ante, p. 380