1034           PUBLIC LAW 89-695-OCT. 16, 1966                    [80 STAT.

such order shall be exclusively as provided in this paragraph (7). Un-less a petition for review is timely filed in a court of appeals of the United States, as hereinafter provided in subparagraph (B) of this paragraph, and thereafter until the record in the proceeding has been filed as so provided, the Board may at any time, upon such notice and in such manner as it shall deem proper, modify, terminate, or set aside any such order. Upon such filing of the record, the Board may modify, terminate, or set aside any such order with permission of the court.
72 Stat. 941.
"(B) Any party to the proceeding, or any person required by an order issued under this subsection to cease and desist from any of the violations or practices stated therein, may obtain a review of any order served pursuant to subparagraph (A) of this paragraph (other than an order issued with the consent of the association or the director or officer or other person concerned, or an order issued under paragraph (5)(A) of this subsection), by filing in the court of appeals of the United States for the circuit in which the home office of the as-sociation is located, or in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, within thirty days after the date of service of such order, a written petition praying that the order of the Board be modified, terminated, or set aside. A copy of such petition shall be forthwith transmitted by the clerk of the court to the Board, and thereupon the Board shall file in the court the record in the proceeding, as provided in section 2112 of title 28 of the United States Code. Upon the filing of such petition, such court shall have jurisdic-tion, which upon the filing of the record shall except as provided in the last sentence of said subparagraph (A) be exclusive, to affirm, modify, terminate, or set aside, in whole or in part, the order of the Board. Review of such proceedings shall be had as provided in chapter 7 of title 5 of the United States Code. The judgment and decree of the 
Ante, p. 392.
court shall be final, except that the same shall be subject to review by the Supreme Court upon certiorari as provided in section 1254 of title 28 of the United States Code.
62 Stat. 928.
"(C) The commencement of proceedings for judicial review under subparagraph (B) of this paragraph shall not, unless specifically ordered by the court, operate as a stay of any order issued by the Board.
Enforcement of orders.
"(8) The Board may in its discretion apply to the United States district court, or the United States court of any territory, within the jurisdiction of which the home office of the association is located, for the enforcement of any effective and outstanding notice or order issued by the Board under this subsection (d), and such courts shall have jurisdiction and power to order and require compliance therewith; but except as otherwise provided in this subsection no court shall have jurisdiction to affect by injunction or otherwise the issuance or enforcement of any notice or order under this subsection, or to review, modify, suspend, terminate, or set aside any such notice or order. Any court having jurisdiction of any proceeding instituted under this subsection by an association or a director or officer thereof, may allow to any such party such reasonable expenses and attorney's fees as it deems just and proper; and such expenses and fees shall be paid by the association or from its assets.
Subpena power, etc.
"(9) In the course of or in connection with any proceeding under this subsection, the Board or any member thereof or a designated rep-resentative of the Board, including any person designated to conduct any hearing under this subsection, shall have power to administer oaths and affirmations, to take or cause to be taken depositions, and to issue, revoke, quash, or modify subpenas and subpenas duces tecum; and the Board is empowered to make rules and regulations with respect