1052                 PUBLIC LAW 89-695-OCT. 16, 1966                    [80 STAT.

bank is located, for the enforcement of any effective and outstanding
notice or order issued under this section, and such courts shall have
jurisdiction and power to order and require compliance herewith;
but except as otherwise provided in this section no court shall have
jurisdiction to affect by injunction or otherwise the issuance or enforce-
ment of any notice or order under this section, or to review, modify,
suspend, terminate, or set aside any such notice or order.
Penalties.
 "(j) Any director or officer, or former director or officer of an
insured bank, or any other person, against whom there is outstanding
and effective any notice or order (which is an order which has become
final) served upon such director, officer, or other person under sub-
sections (e) (5), (e) (7), (e) (8), or (g) of this section, and who (i)
participates in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of the bank
involved, or directly or indirectly solicits or procures, or transfers or
attempts to transfer, or votes or attempts to vote, any proxies, con-
sents, or authorizations in respect of any voting rights in such bank, or
(ii) without the prior written approval of the appropriate Federal
banking agency, votes for a director, serves or acts as a director, officer,
or employee of any bank, shall upon conviction be fined not more than
$5,000 or imprisoned for not more than one year, or both.
Definitions.
 "(k) As used in this section (1) the terms 'cease-and-desist order
which has become final' and 'order which has become final' mean a
cease-and-desist order, or an order, issued by the appropriate Federal
banking agency with the consent of the bank or the director or officer
or other person concerned, or with respect to which no petition for
review of the action of the agency has been filed and perfected in
a court of appeals as specified in paragraph (2) of subsection (h), or
with respect to which the action of the court in which said petition is
so filed is not subject to further review by the Supreme Court of the
United States in proceedings provided for in said paragraph, or an
order issued under paragraph (1) of subsection (g) of this section,
and (2) the term 'violation' includes without limitation any action
(alone or with another or others) for or toward causing, bringing
about, participating in, counseling, or aiding or abetting a violation.
Notice of
service.
 "(1) Any service required or authorized to be made by the appro-
priate Federal banking agency under this section may be made by
registered mail, or in such other manner reasonably calculated to give
actual notice as the agency may by regulation or otherwise provide.
Copies of any notice or order served by the agency upon any State
bank or any director or officer thereof or other person participating
in the conduct of its affairs, pursuant to the provisions of this section,
shall also be sent to the appropriate State supervisory authority.
Notice to State
authorities.
 "(m) In connection with any proceeding under subsection (b),
(c) (1), or (e) of this section involving an insured State bank or any
director or officer or other person participating in the conduct of its
affairs, the appropriate Federal banking agency shall provide the ap-
propriate State supervisory authority with notice of the agency's
intent to institute such a proceeding and the grounds thereof. Un-
less within such time as the Federal banking agency deems appro-
priate in the light of the circumstances of the case (which time must
be specified in the notice prescribed in the preceding sentence) satis-
factory corrective action is effectuated by action of the State super-
visory authority, the agency may proceed as provided in this section.
No bank or other party who is the subject of any notice or order issued
by the agency under this section shall have standing to raise the re-
quirements of this subsection as ground for attacking the validity of
any such notice or order.
Subpena power,
etc.
 "(n) In the course of or in connection with any proceeding under
this section, the agency conducting the proceeding, or any member or