80 STAT.] PUBLIC LAW 89-695-OCT. 16, 1966

1035

to any such proceedings. The attendance of witnesses and the production of documents provided for in this paragraph may be required from any place in any State or in any territory at any designated place where such proceeding is being conducted. Any party to proceedings under this subsection may apply to the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, or the United States district court for the judicial district or the United States court in any territory in which such proceeding is being conducted or where the witness resides or carries on business, for enforcement of any subpoena or subpoena duces tecum issued pursuant to this paragraph, and such courts shall have jurisdiction and power to order and require compliance therewith. Witnesses subpoenaed under this paragraph shall be paid the same fees and mileage that are paid witnesses in the district courts of the United States. All expenses of the Board or of the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation in connection with this subsection shall be considered as nonadministrative expenses.
    "(10) Any service required or authorized to be made by the Board under this subsection may be made by registered mail, or in such other manner reasonably calculated to give actual notice as the Board may by regulation or otherwise provide.
    "(11) The Board shall have power to make rules and regulations for the reorganization, consolidation, liquidation, and dissolution of associations, for the merger of associations with other institutions the accounts of which are insured by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation, for associations in conservatorship and receivership, and for the conduct of conservatorships and receiverships; and the Board may, by regulation or otherwise, provide for the exercise of functions by members, directors, or officers of an association during conservatorship and receivership.
    "(12) (A) Any director or officer, or former director or officer, of an association, or any other person, against whom there is outstanding and effective any notice or order (which is an order which has become final) served upon such director, officer, or other person under paragraph (4) (C), (4) (D), or (5) (A) of this subsection, and who (i) participates in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of such association, or directly or indirectly solicits or procures, or transfers or attempts to transfer, or votes or attempts to vote any proxies, consents, or authorizations in respect of any voting rights in such association, or (ii) without the prior written approval of the Board, votes for a director or serves or acts as a director, officer, or employee of any institution the accounts of which are insured by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation, shall upon conviction be fined not more than $5,000 or imprisoned for not more than one year, or both.
    "(B) Except with the prior written consent of the Board, no person shall serve as a director, officer, or employee of an association who has been convicted, or who is hereafter convicted, of a criminal offense involving dishonesty or a breach of trust. For each willful violation of this prohibition, the association involved shall be subject to a penalty of not more than $100 for each day this prohibition is violated, which the Board may recover by suit or otherwise for its own use.
    "(C) Whenever a conservator or receiver appointed by the Board demands possession of the property, business, and assets of any association, or of any part thereof, the refusal by any director, officer, employee, or agent of such association to comply with the demand shall be punishable by a fine of not more than $5,000 or imprisonment for not more than one year, or both.
    "(13) (A) As used in this subsection-
         "(1) The terms 'cease-and-desist order which has become final' and 'order which has become final' mean a cease-and-desist order, or an