"PUBLIC LAW 89-695-OCT. 16, 1966 [80 STAT.

(m) ANCILLARY PROVISIONS.-(1) In making examinations of insured institutions, examiners appointed by the Federal Home Loan Bank Board shall have power, on behalf of the Corporation, to make such examinations of the affairs of all affiliates of such institutions as shall be necessary to disclose fully the relations between such institutions and their affiliates and the effect of such relations upon such institutions. The cost of examinations of such affiliates shall be assessed against and paid by the institution. For purposes of this subsection, the term 'affiliate' shall have the same meaning as where used in section 2(b) of the Banking Act of 1933 (12 U.S.C. 221a(b)), except that the term 'member bank' in said section 2(b) shall be deemed to refer to an insured institution.

(2) In connection with examinations of insured institutions and affiliates thereof, the Corporation, or its designated representatives, shall have power to administer oaths and affirmations and to examine and to take and preserve testimony under oath as to any matter in respect of the affairs or ownership of any such institution or affiliate thereof, and to issue subpoenas and subpoenas duces tecum, and, for the enforcement thereof, to apply to the United States district court for the judicial district or the United States court in any territory in which the principal office of the institution or affiliate thereof is located, or in which the witness resides or carries on business. Such courts shall have jurisdiction and power to order and require compliance with any such subpoena.

(3) In the course of or in connection with any proceeding under this section, the Corporation or its designated representatives, including any person designated to conduct any hearing under this section, shall have power to administer oaths and affirmations, to take or cause to be taken depositions, and to issue, revoke, quash, or modify subpoenas and subpoenas duces tecum; and the Corporation is empowered to make rules and regulations with respect to any such proceedings. The attendance of witnesses and the production of documents provided for in this subsection may be required from any place in any State or in any territory at any designated place where such proceeding is being conducted. Any party to proceedings under this section may apply to the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, or the United States district court for the judicial district or the United States court in any territory in which such proceeding is being conducted, or where the witness resides or carries on business, for enforcement of any subpoena or subpoena duces tecum issued pursuant to this subsection, and such courts shall have jurisdiction and power to order and require compliance therewith. Witnesses subpoenaed under this section shall be paid the same fees and mileage that are paid witnesses in the district courts of the United States. All expenses of the Board or of the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation in connection with this section shall be considered as nonadministrative expenses. Any court having jurisdiction of any proceeding instituted under this section by an insured institution, or a director or officer thereof, may allow to any such party such reasonable expenses and attorneys' fees as it deems just and proper; and such expenses and fees shall be paid by the institution or from its assets.

(n) SERVICE.-Any service required or authorized to be made by the Corporation under this section may be made by registered mail, or in such other manner reasonably calculated to give actual notice as the Corporation may by regulation or otherwise provide. Copies of any notice or order served by the Corporation upon any State-chartered institution or any director or officer thereof or other person participating in the conduct of its affairs, pursuant to the provisions of this section, shall also be sent to the appropriate State supervisory authority."