1042  PUBLIC LAW 89-695-OCT. 16, 1966 [80 STAT.

72 Stat. 941.

Ante, p. 392,

62 Stat. 928.

62 Stat. 907.

than an order issued with the consent of the institution or the director or officer or other person concerned, or an order issued under subsection (h) of this section,) by filing in the court of appeals of the United States for the circuit in which the principal office of the institution is located, or in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, within thirty days after the date of service of such order, a written petition praying that the order of the Corporation be modified, terminated, or set aside. A copy of such petition shall be forthwith transmitted by the clerk of the court to the Corporation, and thereupon the Corporation shall file in the court the record in the proceeding, as provided in section 2112 of title 28 of the United States Code. Upon the filing of such petition, such court shall have jurisdiction, which upon the filing of the record shall, except as provided in the last sentence of said paragraph (1), be exclusive, to affirm, modify, terminate, or set aside, in whole or in part, the order of the Corporation. Review of such proceedings shall be had as provided in chapter 7 of title 5 of the United States Code. The judgment and decree of the court shall be final, except that the same shall be subject to review by the Supreme Court upon certiorari as provided in section 1254 of title 28 of the United States Code.
    "(3) The commencement of proceedings for judicial review under paragraph (2) of this subsection shall not, unless specifically ordered by the court, operate as a stay of any order issued by the Corporation.
    "(k) JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT.-(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, (A) the Corporation shall be deemed to be an agency of the United States within the meaning of section 451 of title 28 of the United States Code; (B) any civil action, suit, or proceeding to which the Corporation shall be a party shall be deemed to arise under the laws of the United States, and the United States district courts shall have original jurisdiction thereof, without regard to the amount in controversy; and (C) the Corporation may, without bond or security, remove any such action, suit, or proceeding from a State court to the United States district court for the district and division embracing the place where the same is pending by following any procedure for removal now or hereafter in effect: Provided, That any action, suit, or proceeding to which the Corporation is a party in its capacity as conservator, receiver, or other legal custodian of an insured State-chartered institution and which involves only the rights or obligations of investors, creditors, stockholders, and such institution under State law shall not be deemed to arise under the laws of the United States, No attachment or execution shall be issued against the Corporation or its property before final judgment in any action, suit, or proceeding in any court of any State or of the United States or any territory, or any other court.
    "(2) The Corporation may, in its discretion, apply to the United States district court, or the United States court of any territory, within the jurisdiction of which the principal office of the institution is located, for the enforcement of any effective and outstanding notice or order issued by the Corporation under this section, and such courts shall have jurisdiction and power to order and require compliance therewith; but except as otherwise provided in this section no court shall have jurisdiction to affect by injunction or otherwise the issuance or enforcement of any notice or order under this section, or to review, modify, suspend, terminate, or set aside any such notice or order.
    "(1) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.-(1) Whenever a change occurs in the outstanding voting stock of any insured institution which will result in control or a change in the control of such institution, the