80 STAT. ]

PUBLIC LAW 89-695-OCT. 16, 1966

1053

designated representative thereof, including any person designated to conduct any hearing under this section, shall have the power to administer oaths and affirmations, to take or cause to be taken depositions, and to issue, revoke, quash, or modify subpenas and subpenas duces tecum; and such agency is empowered to make rules and regulations with respect to any such proceedings. The attendance of witnesses and the production of documents provided for in this subsection may be required from any place in any State or in any territory or other place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States at any designated place where such proceeding is being conducted. Any party to proceedings under this section may apply to the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, or the United States district court for the judicial district or the United States court in any territory in which such proceeding is being conducted, or where the witness resides or carries on business, for enforcement of any subpena or subpena duces tecum issued pursuant to this subsection, and such courts shall have jurisdiction and power to order and require compliance therewith. Witnesses subpoenaed under this section shall be paid the same fees and mileage that are paid witnesses in the district courts of the United States. Any court having jurisdiction of any proceeding instituted under this section by an insured bank or a director or officer thereof, may allow to any such party such reasonable expenses and attorneys' fees as it deems just and proper; and such expenses and fees shall be paid by the bank or from its assets."

   SEC. 203. Subsections (b) and (c) of section 10 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1820 (b), (c) are amended to read as follows:

   "(b) The Board of Directors shall appoint examiners who shall have power, on behalf of the Corporation, to examine any insured State nonmember bank (except a District bank), any State nonmember bank making application to become an insured bank, and any closed insured bank, whenever in the judgment of the Board of Directors an examination of the bank is necessary. In addition to the examinations provided for in the preceding sentence, such examiners shall have like power to make a special examination of any State member bank and any national bank or District bank, whenever in the judgment of the Board of Directors such special examination is necessary to determine the condition of any such bank for insurance purposes. In making examinations of insured banks, examiners appointed by the Corporation shall have power on behalf of the Corporation to make such examinations of the affairs of all affiliates of such banks as shall be necessary to disclose fully the relations between such banks and their affiliates and the effect of such relations upon such banks. Each examiner shall have power to make a thorough examination of all of the affairs of the bank and its affiliates, and shall make a full and detailed report of the condition of the bank to the Corporation. The Board of Directors in like manner shall appoint claim agents who shall have power to investigate and examine all claims for insured deposits. Each claim agent shall have power to administer oaths and affirmations and to examine and to take and preserve testimony under oath as to any matter in respect to claims for insured deposits, and to issue subpenas and subpenas duces tecum, and, for the enforcement thereof, to apply to the United States district court for the judicial district or the United States court in any territory in which the main office of the bank or affiliate thereof is located, or in which the witness resides or carries on business. Such courts shall have jurisdiction and power to order and require compliance with any such subpena.

   "(c) In connection with examinations of insured banks, and affiliates thereof, the appropriate Federal banking agency, or its designated

65-300 0-67-69