100                                   THIRTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS. SESS. I.  CH. 106.  1864.

                            secured by United States bonds. The chief officer of the said bureau shall 
                            be denominated the comptroller of the currency, and shall be under the gen-
Comptroller of   eral direction of the Secretary of the Treasury. He shall be appointed
the currency.      by the President, on the recommendation of the Secretary of the Treas-
                            ury, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, and shall hold his
Appointment     office for the term of five years unless sooner removed by the President,
                            upon reasons to be communicated by him to the Senate ; he shall receive
Term of office.  an annual salary of five thousand dollars ; he shall have a competent
                             deputy, appointed by the secretary, whose salary shall be two thousand
Salary              five hundred dollars, and who shall possess the power and perform the
Deputy comp-   duties attached by law to the office of comptroller during a vacancy in
troller.             such office and during his absence or inability ; he shall employ, from
                             time to time, the necessary clerks to discharge such duties as he shall
Clerks.             direct, which clerks shall be appointed and classified by the Secretary of
                             the Treasury in the manner now provided by law. Within fifteen days
Comptroller to  from the time of notice of his appointment the comptroller shall take and
take oath within subscribe the oath of office prescribed by the constitution and laws of the
what time.        United States ; and he shall give to the United States a bond in the pen-
                             alty of one hundred thousand dollars, with not less than two responsible
Bond.               sureties, to be approved by the Secretary of the Treasury, conditioned
                             for the faithful discharge of the duties of his office. The deputy-comp-
                             troller so appointed shall also take the oath of office prescribed by the
                             constitution and laws of the United States, and shall give a like bond in 
Oath and bond the penalty of fifty thousand dollars. The comptroller and deputy-com-
of deputy comp- troller shall not, either directly or indirectly, be interested in any associa-
troller.              tion issuing national currency under the provisions of this act.
Not to be in-
terested in any
banking associa- Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the comptroller of the cur-
tion.                   rency, with the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury, shall devise a 
Seal of                 seal, with suitable inscriptions, for his office, a description of which, with
currency bureau, a certificate of approval by the Secretary of the Treasury, shall be filed
and where to   in the office of the Secretary of State with an impression thereof, which 
be kept.            shall thereupon become the seal of office of the comptroller of the cur-
                             rency, and the same may be renewed when necessary. Every certifi-
                             cate, assignment, and conveyance executed by the comptroller, in pursu-
Certain papers ance of any authority conferred on him by law, and sealed with his seal
under such seal of office, shall be received in evidence in all places and courts whatsoever ;
to be evidence.
                            and all copies of papers in the office of the comptroller, certified by him
                            and authenticated by the said seal, shall in all cases be evidence equally
                            with and in like manner as the original. An impression of such seal directly
Impression may on the paper shall be as valid as if made on wax or wafer.
be upon paper.
                            SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That there shall be assigned to
Rooms for cur-  the comptroller of the currency by the Secretary of the Treasury suit-
rency bureau.   able rooms in the treasury building for conducting the business of the
                           currency bureau, in which shall be safe and secure fire-proof vaults, in
                           which it shall be the duty of the comptroller to deposit and safely keep 
Fire-proof       all the plates not necessarily in the possession of engravers or printers,
vaults.
                           and other valuable things belonging to his department ; and the comp-
                           troller shall from time to time furnish the necessary furniture, stationery,
                           fuel, lights, and other proper conveniences for the transaction of the said
Furniture, &c.  business.
                            SEC. 4. And be it further enacted, That the term “United States
Term “United  Bonds,” as used in this act, shall be construed to mean all registered bonds
States Bonds "  now issued, or that may hereafter be issued, on the faith of the United
to include what.
                            States by the Secretary of the Treasury in pursuance of law.
                            SEC. 5. And be it further enacted, That associations for carrying on the 
Banking asso- business of banking may be formed by any number of persons, not less
ciations, how
may be formed. in any case than five, who shall enter into articles of association, which
                            shall specify in general terms the object for which the association is formed,
                            and may contain any other provisions, not inconsistent with the pro-