THIRTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS. Sess. I. Ch. 106. 1864.    

                                                                                                            105
of the facts so reported, and of any other facts which may come to the
knowledge of the comptroller, whether by means of a special commission
appointed by him for the purpose of inquiring into the condition of such
association, or otherwise, it shall appear that such association is lawfully
entitled to commence the business of banking, the comptroller shall give
to such association a certificate, under his hand and official seal, that such When associa-
association has complied with all the provisions of this act required to be tion is found en-
complied with before being entitled to commence the business of banking titled to com-
under it, and that such association is authorized to commence said busi- iniecsi businecomptroller to
ness accordingly ; and it shall be the duty of the association to cause said give certificate.
certificate to be published in some newspaper published in the city or Certificate to
county where the association is located for at least sixty days next after be published
the issuing thereof : Provided, That if no newspaper is published in such
city or county the certificate shall be published in a newspaper published
nearest thereto.
   SEC. 19. And be it further enacted, That all transfers of United States Transfers of
bonds which shall be made by any association under the provisions of bonds by associ-
this act shall be made to the treasurer of the United States in trust for ation, to be made
the association, with a memorandum written or printed on each bond, and in trust.
signed by the cashier or some other officer of the association making the
deposit, a receipt therefor to be given to said association, or by the comp-
troller of the currency, or by a clerk appointed by him for that purpose, 
stating that it is held in trust for the association on whose behalf such How executed
transfer is made, and as security for the redemption and payment of any
circulating notes that have been or may be delivered to such association.
No assignment or transfer of any such bonds by the treasurer shall be
deemed valid or of binding force and effect unless countersigned by the
comptroller of the currency. It shall be the duty of the comptroller of the
currency to keep in his office a book in which shall be entered the
name of every association from whose accounts such transfer of bonds is Comptroller to
made by the treasurer, and the name of the party to whom such transfer keep transfer
is made ; and the par value of the bonds so transferred shall be entered book, &c.
therein ; and it shall be the duty of the comptroller, immediately upon
countersigning and entering the same, to advise by mail the association
from whose account such transfer was made of the kind and numerical
designation of the bonds and the amount thereof so transferred.
   SEC. 20. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the Transfers to be
comptroller of the currency to countersign and enter in the book, in the countersigned
manner aforesaid, every transfer or assignment of any bonds held by the and entered. 
treasurer presented for his signature ; and the comptroller shall have at
all times during office hours access to the books of the treasurer, for the
purpose of ascertaining the correctness of the transfer or assignment pre-
sented to him for countersigning ; and the treasurer shall have the like access
to the book above mentioned, kept by the comptroller, during office hours,
to ascertain the correctness of the entries in the same ; and the comptrol-
ler shall also at all times have access to the bonds on deposit with the
 treasurer, to ascertain their amount and condition.
   SEC. 21. And be it further enacted, That upon the transfer and de- Associations,
 livery of bonds to the treasurer, as provided in the foregoing section, the after transfer,
 association making the same shall be entitled to receive from the comp- may receive cir-
troller of the currency circulating notes of different denominations, in culating notes.
 blank, registered and countersigned as hereinafter provided, equal in 1865, ch. 82.
 amount to ninety per centum of the current market value of the United Post, p. 498.
 States bonds so transferred and delivered, but not exceeding ninety per
 centum of the amount of said bonds at the par value thereof, if bearing Limit of
 interest at a rate not less than five per centum per annum ; and at no amount.
 time shall the total amount of such notes, issued to any such association,
 exceed the amount at such time actually paid in of its capital stock.
   SEC. 22. And be it further enacted, That the entire amount of notes