THIRTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS. SESS. I. CH. 104, 106. 1864. 99

proof as aforesaid of the completion of the additional sections of the road as aforesaid; and upon the failure of either company to complete either section as aforesaid, to be annually built, the portion of the land remaining uncertified shall become subject to the control and disposition of the legislature of the State of Iowa, to aid in the completion of such road.

Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That all lands hereafter certified to either of the land-grant railroads in said state, and lying opposite any completed section of such road, shall be offered for sale by the company to which they shall be certified within three years from the completion of such section, if then certified; and if not, then within three years from the date of such certificate at reasonable prices; and if not all sold within that period then during the fourth year all such lands remaining unsold shall be exposed to public sale, after previous notice posted at the county seat of the county in which such lands shall be situated, to the highest bidder, and in tracts not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres each.

Approved, June 2, 1864.

Chap. CIV. — An Act to incorporate the News-boys' Home.
June 2, 1864.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Joseph Henry, J. W. Forney, Henry Beard, Sayles J. Bowen, and A. M. Gangwer, their associates and successors, being members of said society, by paying into its treasury the sum of two dollars annually, or life members, by paying fifty dollars at one time, are hereby incorporated and made a body politic, by the name of “The News-boys’ Home of Washington City,” for the purpose of providing lodgings, meals, and instruction to such homeless and indigent boys as may properly come under the charge of such association, to provide for them a suitable home, board, clothing, and instruction, and to bring them under Christian influence; and by that name shall have perpetual succession, with power to use a common seal, to sue and be sued, to plead and be impleaded in any court of competent jurisdiction within the District of Columbia, to collect subscriptions, make by-laws, rules, and regulations needful for the government of said corporation not inconsistent with the laws of the United States; to have, hold, and receive real estate by purchase, gift, or devise; to use, sell, or convey the same for the purposes and benefit of said corporation, and to choose such officers and teachers as may be necessary, prescribe their duties, and fix the rate of their compensation.

Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the officers of said association shall consist of a president, two vice-presidents, secretary, treasurer, and a board of managers, to be composed of fifteen members, the whole to constitute an executive committee, whose duty it shall be to carry into effect the plans and purposes for which said association was formed, all of which officers shall be elected on the first Tuesday in February in each year at the annual meeting of said association, which shall be held on said day; their successors shall be elected and hold their offices for the term of one year, and until their successors shall be duly elected. And in case of a vacancy it shall be filled by the other members of the executive committee.

Approved, June 2, 1864.

Chap. CVI. — An Act to provide a National Currency, secured by a Pledge of United States Bonds, and to provide for the Circulation and Redemption thereof.
June 3, 1864.
1863, ch. 78, §§ 6, 7.
Post, p. 484.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That there shall be established in the treasury department a separate bureau, which shall be charged with the execution of this and all other laws that may be passed by congress respecting the issue and regulation of a national currency.