THIRTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS. Sess. I. Ch. 106. 1864.                                                     107

to execute to the said treasurer a certificate setting forth the different
kinds and the amounts thereof, and that the same are in the possession
and custody of the treasurer at the date of such certificate. Such exam-
ination may be made by an officer or agent of such association, duly
appointed in writing for that purpose, whose certificate before mentioned
shall be of like force and validity as if executed by such president or
cashier ; and a duplicate signed by the treasurer shall be retained by the
association.
  SEC. 26. And be it further enacted, That the bonds transferred to and
deposited with the treasurer of the United States, as hereinbefore pro-
vided, by any banking association for the security of its circulating notes,
shall be held exclusively for that purpose, until such notes shall be re-
deemed, except as provided in this act ; but the comptroller of the cur-
rency shall give to any such banking association powers of attorney to
receive and appropriate to its own use the interest on the bonds which it
shall have so transferred to the treasurer ; but such powers shall become
inoperative whenever such banking association shall fail to redeem its
circulating notes as aforesaid. Whenever the market or cash value of
any bonds deposited with the treasurer of the United States, as afore-
said, shall be reduced below the amount of the circulation issued for the
same, the comptroller of the currency is hereby authorized to demand and
receive the amount of such depreciation in other United States bonds at
cash value, or in money, from the association receiving said bills, to be
deposited with the treasurer of the United States as long as such depre-
ciation continues. And said comptroller, upon the terms prescribed by
the Secretary of the Treasury, may permit an exchange to be made of
any of the bonds deposited with the treasurer by an association for other
bonds of the United States authorized by this act to be received as secu-
rity for circulating notes, if he shall be of opinion that such an exchange
can be made without prejudice to the United States, and he may direct
the return of any said bonds to the banking association which transferred
the same, in sums of not less than one thousand dollars, upon the surren-
der to him and the cancellation of a proportionate amount of such cir-
culating notes : Provided, That the remaining bonds which shall have
been transferred by the banking association offering to surrender circulat-
ing notes shall be equal to the amount required for the circulating notes
not surrendered by such banking association, and that the amount of bonds
in the hands of the treasurer shall not be diminished below the amount
required to be kept on deposit with him by this act : And provided, That
there shall have been no failure by such association to redeem its cir-
culating notes, and no other violation by such association of the provis-
ions of this act, and that the market or cash value of the remaining bonds
shall not be below the amount required for the circulation issued for the
same.
  SEC. 27. And be it further enacted, That it shall be unlawful for any
officer acting under the provisions of this act to countersign or deliver to
any association, or to any other company or person, any circulating notes
contemplated by this act, except as hereinbefore provided, and in accord-
ance with the true intent and meaning of this act. And any officer who
shall violate the provisions of this section shall be deemed guilty of a high
misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall be punished by fine not
exceeding double the amount so countersigned and delivered, and im-
prisonment not less than one year and not exceeding fifteen years, at the
discretion of the court in which he shall be tried.
  SEC. 28. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any
such association to purchase, hold, and convey real estate as fol-
lows :
  First. Such as shall be necessary for its immediate accommodation in
the transaction of its business.