102           THIRTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS. Sess. I. Ch. 106. 1864.

also have power to define and regulate by by-laws, not inconsistent with
the provisions of this act, the manner in which its stock shall be trans-
ferred, its directors elected or appointed, its officers appointed, its prop-
erty transferred, its general business conducted, and all the privileges
granted by this act to associations organized under it shall be exercised
and enjoyed ; and its usual business shall be transacted at an office or
banking house located in the place specified in its organization certificate.

SEC. 9. And be it further enacted, That the affairs of every associa-
tion shall be managed by not less than five directors, one of whom shall
be the president. Every director shall, during his whole term of service,
be a citizen of the United States ; and at least three fourths of the direc-
tors shall have resided in the state, territory, or district in which such
association is located one year next preceding their election as directors,
and be residents of the same during their continuance in office. Each
director shall own, in his own right, at least ten shares of the capital stock
of the association of which he is a director. Each director, when ap-
pointed or elected, shall take an oath that he will, so far as the duty de-
volves on him, diligently and honestly administer the affairs of such asso-
ciation, and will not knowingly violate, or willingly permit to be violated,
any of the provisions of this act, and that he is the bona fide owner, in
his own right, of the number of shares of stock required by this act, sub-
scribed by him, or standing in his name on the books of the association,
and that the same is not hypothecated, or in any way pledged, as security
for any loan or debt; which oath, subscribed by himself, and certified by
the officer before whom it is taken, shall be immediately transmitted to
the comptroller of the currency, and by him filed and preserved in his
office.

SEC. 10. And be it further enacted, That the directors of any associa-
tion first elected or appointed shall hold their places until their successors
shall be elected and qualified. All subsequent elections shall be held
annually on such day in the month of January as may be specified in
the articles of association; and the directors so elected shall hold their
places for one year, and until their successors are elected and qualified.
But any director ceasing to be the owner of the requisite amount of stock,
or having in any other manner become disqualified, shall thereby vacate
his place. Any vacancy in the board shall be filled by appointment by
the remaining directors, and any director so appointed shall hold his place
until the next election. If from any cause an election of directors shall
not be made at the time appointed, the association shall not for that
cause be dissolved, but an election may be held on any subsequent day,
thirty days’ notice thereof in all cases having been given in a newspaper
published in the city, town, or county in which the association is located;
and if no newspaper is published in such city, town, or county, such notice
shall be published in a newspaper published nearest thereto. If the arti-
cles of association do not fix the day on which the election shall be held,
or if the election should not be held on the day fixed, the day for the elec-
tion shall be designated by the board of directors in their by-laws, or
otherwise: Provided, That if the directors fail to fix the day, as aforesaid,
shareholders representing two thirds of the shares may.

SEC. 11. And be it further enacted, That in all elections of directors,
and in deciding all questions at meetings of shareholders, each share-
holder shall be entitled to one vote on each share of stock held by him.
Shareholders may vote by proxies duly authorized in writing; but no
officer, clerk, teller, or book-keeper of such association shall act as
proxy; and no shareholder whose liability is past due and unpaid shall be
allowed to vote.

SEC. 12. And be it further enacted, That the capital stock of any as-
sociation formed under this act shall be divided into shares of one hundred
dollars each, and be deemed personal property and transferable on the