112           THIRTY EIGHTH CONGRESS.       SESS. I.  Cn. 106.    1864.

paid by such association shall be assessed upon the amount of notes delivered to such association by the comptroller of the currency, and upon the highest amount of its deposits and capital stock, to be ascertained in such manner as the treasurer may deem best: Provided, That nothing in this act shall be construed to prevent all the shares in any of the said 
Shares not associations, held by any person or body corporate, from being included 
hereby exempted in the valuation of the personal property of such person or corporation in
from taxation by the assessment of taxes imposed by or under state authority at the place 
state authority. where such bank is located, and not elsewhere, but not at a greater rate 
than is assessed upon other moneyed capital in the hands of individual 
citizens of such state: Provided, further, That the tax so imposed under 
Limit of state the laws of any state upon the shares of any of the associations authorized 
tax. by this act shall not exceed the rate imposed upon the shares in any of the banks organized under authority of the state where such association 
Real estate to is located: Provided, also, That nothing in this act shall exempt the real 
be taxed. estate of associations from either state, county, or municipal taxes to the 
same extent, according to its value, as other real estate is taxed. 
How associa- SEC. 42. And be it further enacted, That any association may go 
tions may be into liquidation and be closed by the vote of its shareholders owning two 
closed. thirds of its stock. And whenever such vote shall be taken it shall be 
the duty of the board of directors to cause notice of this fact to be certified, under the seal of the association, by its president or cashier, to the 
comptroller of the currency, and publication thereof to be made for a 
period of two months in a newspaper published in the city of New York,
and also in a newspaper published in a city or town in which the associa- 
tion is located, and if no newspaper be there published, then in the news- 
paper published nearest thereto, that said association is closing up its 
affairs, and notifying the holders of its notes and other creditors to present 
the notes and other claims against the association for payment. And at 
Proceedings. any time after the expiration of one year from the time of the publication of such notice as aforesaid, the said association may pay over to the treasurer of the United States the amount of its outstanding notes in the lawful money of the United States, and take up the bonds which said association has on deposit with the treasurer for the security of its circulating notes; which bonds shall be assigned to the bank in the manner specified in the nineteenth section of this act, and from that time the outstanding notes of said association shall be redeemed at the treasury of the United States, and the said association and the shareholders thereof 
shall be discharged from all liabilities therefor. 
Treasurer to SEC. 43. And be it further enacted, That the treasurer, on receiving 
execute duplicate from an association lawful money for the payment and redemption of its 
receipts. outstanding notes, as provided for in the preceding section of this act, shall execute duplicate receipts therefor, one to the association and the 
other to the comptroller of the currency, stating the amount received by 
him, and the purpose for which it has been received, which amount shall 
be paid into the treasury of the United States, and placed to the credit 
of such association upon redemption account. And it shall be the duty 
Redeemed of the treasurer, whenever he shall redeem any of the notes of said asso- 
notes to be mu- ciation, to cause the same to be mutilated, and charged to the redemption 
tilated, &c. account of said association; and all notes so redeemed by the treasurer shall, every three months, be certified to and burned in the manner pre- 
scribed in the twenty-fourth section of this act. 
State banks SEC. 44. And be it further enacted, That any bank incorporated by 
may become na- special law, or any banking institution organized under a general law of 
tional associa- any state, may, by authority of this act, become a national association 
tions. under its provisions, by the name prescribed in its organization certificate; and in such case the articles of association and the organization 
certificate required by this act may be executed by a majority of the 
directors of the bank or banking institution; and said certificate shall de-