THIRTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS. Sess. I. CH. 106. 1864.                                                                            108

books of the association in such manner as may be prescribed in the by- 
laws or articles of association; and every person becoming a shareholder 
by such transfer shall, in proportion to his shares, succeed to all the rights 
and liabilities of the prior holder of such shares, and no change shall Transfer. 
be made in the articles of association by which the rights, remedies, or 
security of the existing creditors of the association shall be impaired. 
The shareholders of each association formed under the provisions of this Rights of ex- 
act, and of each existing bank or banking association that may accept the lsti.g creditors 
provisions of this act, shall be held individually responsible, equally and not to be im· 
ratably, and not one for another, for all contracts, debts, and engagements paired. 
of such association to the extent of the amount of their stock therein at 
the par value thereof, in addition to the amount invested in such shares; Individual lia- 
except that shareholders of any banking association now existing under bility. 
state laws, having not less than five millions of dollars of capital actually 
paid in, and a surplus of twenty per centum on hand, both to be deter- 
mined by the comptroller of the currency, shall be liable only to the amount 
invested in their shares; and such surplus of twenty per centum shall be 
kept undiminished, and be in addition to the surplus provided for in this 
act; and if at any time there shall be a deficiency in said surplus of 
twenty per centum, the said banking association shall not pay any divi- 
dends to its shareholders until such deficiency shall be made good ; and 
in case of such deficiency, the comptroller of the currency may compel said 
banking association to close its business and wind up its affairs under the 
provisions of this act. And the comptroller shall have authority to with- When comp· 
hold from an association his certificate authorizing the commencement of troller may with- 
hold certificate. 
business, whenever he shall have reason to suppose that the shareholders 
thereof have formed the same for any other than the legitimate objects 
contemplated by this act. 

SEC. 13. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any asso- Increase of cap- 
ciation formed under this act, by its articles of association, to provide for an ital stock. 
increase of its capital from time to time, as may be deemed expedient, sub- 
ject to the limitations of this act: Provided, That the maximum of such Maximum. 
increase in the articles of association shall be determined by the comptrol- 
ler of the currency; and no increase of capital shall be valid until the 
whole amount of such increase shall be paid in, and notice thereof shall 
have been transmitted to the comptroller of the currency, and his certifi- 
cate obtained specifying the amount of such increase of capital stock, with 
his approval thereof, and that it has been duly paid in as part of the capi- 
tal of such association. And every association shall have power, by the 
vote of shareholders owning two thirds of its capital stock, to reduce the 
capital of such association to any sum not below the amount required by 
this act, in the formation of associations: Provided, That by no such re- Minimum. 
duction shall its capital be brought below the amount required by this act 
for its outstanding circulation, nor shall any such reduction be made until 
the amount of the proposed reduction has been reported to the comptroller 
of the currency and his approval thereof obtained. 

SEC. 14. And be it further enacted, That at least fifty per centum of Amount to be 
the capital stock of every association shall be paid in before it shall be paid in before 
authorized to commence business ; and the remainder of the capital stock commencing 
of such association shall be paid in instalments of at least ten per centum business. 
each on the whole amount of the capital as frequently as one instalment 
at the end of each succeeding month from the time it shall be authorized Remainder, 
by the comptroller to commence business ; and the payment of each instal- when to be paid. 
ment shall be certified to the comptroller, under oath, by the president or 
cashier of the association. 

SEC. 15. And be it further enacted, That if any shareholder, or his as- Proceedings, 
signee, shall fail to pay any instalment on the stock when the same is re- if shareholder 
quired by the foregoing section to be paid, the directors of such associa- fails to pay in- 
tion may sell the stock of such delinquent shareholder at public auction, at alments.