97 STAT. 1282                                                           PUBLIC LAW 98-181—NOV. 30, 1983

                (c)(1) The authorities of the Federal banking agencies contain in
12 USC 1818. section 8 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and in section 910 of this Act, except those contained in section 910(d), shall be applicable to this section.
            (2) No private right of action or claim for relief may be predicated upon this section.

                                                   GENERAL AUTHORITIES

Regulations or Sec. 910. (a)(1) The appropriate Federal banking agencies are orders, authorized to interpret and define the terms used in this title, and 
12 USC 3909. each appropriate Federal banking agency shall prescribe rules or regulations or issue orders as necessary to effectuate the purposes of this title and to prevent evasions thereof.
            (2) The appropriate Federal banking agency is authorized to apply the provisions of this title to any affiliate of an insured bank, but only to affiliates for which it is the appropriate Federal banking agency, in order to promote uniform application of this title or to prevent evasions thereof.
12 USC 371c.       (3) For purposes of this section, the term “affiliate” shall have the same meaning as in section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act, except that the term “member bank” in such section shall be deemed to refer to an “insured bank”, as such term is used in section 3(h) of the 
12 USC 1813. Federal Deposit Insurance Act.
         (b) The appropriate Federal banking agencies shall establish uniform systems to implement the authorities provided under this title.
         (c)(1) The powers and authorities granted in this title shall be Supplemental    supplemental to and shall not be deemed in any manner to derogate
powers or from or restrict the authority of each appropriate Federal banking
authorities.      agency under section 8 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or any other law including the authority to require additional capital or 
12 USC 1818.     reserves.
        (2) Any such authority may be used by any appropriate Federal banking agency to ensure compliance by a banking institution with the provisions of this title and all rules, regulations, or orders issued pursuant thereto.
Violations.        (d)(1) Any banking institution which violates, or any officer, director, employee, agent, or other person participating in the conduct of the affairs of such banking institution, who violates any provision of this title, or any rule, regulation, or order, issued under this title, shall forfeit and pay a civil penalty of not more than $1,000 per day for each day during which such violation continues. 
12 USC 1818.           (2) Such violations shall be deemed to be a violation of a final order under section 8(i)(2) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the penalty shall be assessed and collected by the appropriate Federal banking agency under the procedures established by, and subject to the rights afforded to parties in, such section.

                                                   GAO AUDIT AUTHORITY

12 USC 3910.     Sec. 911. (a)(1) Under regulations of the Comptroller General, the Comptroller General shall audit the appropriate Federal banking agencies (as defined in section 903 of this title), but may carry out an
Ante, p. 1278.    onsite examination of an open insured bank or bank holding company only if the appropriate Federal banking agency has consented in writing.
Audit inclusions.               (2) An audit under this subsection may include a review or evaluation of the international regulation, supervision, and exami-