92 STAT. 3704		PUBLIC LAW 95—630—NOV. 10, 1978

copies served upon the Government authority. A motion to quash a judicial subpoena shall be fled in the court which issued the subpoena. 
A motion to quash an administrative summons or an application to enjoin a Government authority from obtaining records pursuant to a formal written request shall be fled in the appropriate United States district court. Such motion or application shall contain an affidavit or sworn statement—
	(1) stating that the applicant is a customer of the financial institution from which financial records pertaining to him have been sought; and
	(2) stating the applicant's reasons for believing that the financial records sought are not relevant to the legitimate law enforcement inquiry stated by the Government authority in its notice, or that there has not been substantial compliance with the provisions of this title.
Service shall be made under this section upon a Government authority by delivering or mailing by registered or certified mail a copy of the papers to the person, office, or department specified in the notice which the customer has received pursuant to this title. For the purposes of this section, "delivery" has the meaning stated in rule 5(b) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.
	(b) If the court finds that the customer has complied with subsection (a), it shall order the Government authority to fle a sworn response, which may be fled in camera if the Government includes in its response the reasons which make in camera review appropriate. If the court is unable to determine the motion or application on the basis of the parties' initial allegations and response, the court may conduct such additional proceedings as it deems appropriate. All such proceedings shall be completed and the motion or application decided within seven calendar days of the fling of the Government's response.
	(c) If the court finds that the applicant is not the customer to whom the children financial records sought by the Government authority pertain, or that there is a demonstrable reason to believe that the law enforcement inquiry is legitimate and a reasonable belief that the records sought are relevant to that inquiry, it shall deny the motion or application, and, in the case of an administrative summons or court order other than a search warrant, order such process enforced. If the court finds that the applicant is the customer to whom the records sought by the Government authority pertain, and that there is not a demonstrable reason to believe that the law enforcement inquiry is legitimate and a reasonable belief that the records sought are relevant to that inquiry, or that there has not been substantial compliance with the provisions of this title, it shall order the process quashed or shall enjoin the Government authority's formal written request.
	(d) A court ruling denying a motion or application under this section shall not be deemed a final order and no interlocutory appeal may be taken therefrom by the customer. An appeal of a ruling denying a motion or application under this section may be taken by the customer—
 (1) within such period of time as provided by law as part of any appeal from a final order in any legal proceeding initiated against him arising out of or based upon the financial records, or (2) within thirty day after a notification that no legal proceeding is contemplated against him. The Government authority obtaining the financial records shall promptly notify a customer when a determination has been made that no legal proceeding against him is contemplated. After one hundred and eight days from the denial of the motion or application, if the Government authority obtaining the records has not initiated such