PUBLIC LAW 95-630-NOV. 10 1978
92 STAT. 3707

quent access by the certifying Government authority during the term of the loan, loan guaranty, or loan insurance agreement.
(3) After the effective date of this title, whenever a customer applies for participation in a Government loan, loan guaranty, or loan insurance program, the Government authority administering such program shall give the customer written notice of the authority's access rights under this subsection. No further notification shall be required for subsequent access by that authority during the term of the loan, loan guaranty, or loan insurance agreement.
(4) Financial records obtained pursuant to this subsection may be used only for the purpose for which they were originally obtained, and may be transferred to another agency or department only when the transfer is to facilitate a lawful proceeding, investigation, examination, or inspection directed at the financial institution in possession of such records, or at a legal entity which is not a customer, except that-
(A) nothing in this paragraph prohibits the use or transfer of a customer's financial records needed by counsel representing a Government authority in a civil action arising from a Government loan, loan guaranty, or loan insurance agreement; and
(B) nothing in this paragraph prohibits a Government authority providing assistance to a customer in the form of a loan, loan guaranty, or loan insurance agreement from using or transferring financial records necessary to process, service or foreclose a loan, or to collect on an indebtedness to the Government resulting from a customer's default.
(5) Notification that financial records obtained pursuant to this subsection may relate to a potential civil, criminal, or regulatory violation by a customer may be given to an agency or department with jurisdiction over that violation, and such agency or department may then seek access to the records pursuant to the provisions of this title.
(6) Each financial institution shall keep a notation of each disclosure made pursuant to paragraph (1)(B) of this subsection, including the date of such disclosure and the Government authority to which it was made. The customer shall be entitled to inspect this information.
(i) Nothing in this title (except sections 1115 and 1120) shall apply to any subpoena or court order issued in connection with proceedings before a grand jury.
(j) This title shall not apply when financial records are sought by the General Accounting Office pursuant to an authorized proceeding, investigation, examination or audit directed at a government authority.

SPECIAL PROCEDURES

SEC. 1114. (a)(1) Nothing in this title (except sections 1115, 1117, 1118, and 1121) shall apply to the production and disclosure of financial records pursuant to requests from-
(A) a Government authority authorized to conduct foreign counter-or foreign positive-intelligence activities for purposes of conducting such activities; or
(B) the Secret Service for the purposes of conducting its protective functions (18 U.S.C 3056; 3 U.S.C. 202, Public Law 90-331, as amended).
(2) In the instances specified in paragraph (1), the Government authority shall submit to the financial insinuation to the certificate required in section 1108(b) signed by a supervisory official of a rank designated by the head of the Government authority.