92 STAT. 3700

PUBLIC LAW 95-630—NOV. 10, 1978

    of mailing of this notice, the records or information requested
    therein will be made available. These records may be transferred
    to other Government authorities for legitimate law enforcement
    inquiries, in which event you will be notified after the transfer."; 
    and 
    
    (3) ten days have expired from the date of service of the notice
    or fourteen days have expired from the date of mailing the notice
    to the customer and within such time period the customer has
    not filed a sworn statement and motion to quash in an appropriate
    court, or the customer challenge provisions of section 1110 have
    been complied with. 

SEARCH WARRANTS 

Financial records. 
12 USC 3406. 
18 USC app. 

  SEC. 1106. (a) A Government authority may obtain financial records
under section 1102(3) only if it obtains a search warrant pursuant
to the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure.
  (b) No later than ninety days after the Government authority
serves the search warrant, it shall mail to the customer's last known
address a copy of the search warrant together with the following
notice:
  "Records or information concerning your transactions held by the
financial institution named in the attached search warrant were
obtained by this (agency or department) on (date) for the following
purpose: . You may have rights under the Right to Financial
Privacy Act of 1978."' 
  (c) Upon application of the Government authority, a court may
grant a delay in the mailing of the notice required in subsection (b),
which delay shall not exceed one hundred and eighty days following
the service of the warrant, if the court makes the findings required in
section 1109(a). If the court so finds, it shall enter an ex parte order
granting the requested delay and an order prohibiting the financial
institution from disclosing that records have been obtained or that a
search warrant for such records has been executed. Additional delays
of up to ninety days may be granted by the court upon application, but
only in accordance with this subsection. Upon expiration of the period
of delay of notification of the customer, the following notice shall be
mailed to the customer along with a copy of the search warrant:
  "Records or information concerning your transactions held by the
financial institution named in the attached search warrant were
obtained by this (agency or department) on (date). Notification was
delayed beyond the statutory ninety-day delay period pursuant to a
determination by the court that such notice would seriously jeopardize
an investigation concerning . You may have rights under the
Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978."

JUDICIAL SUBPENA 

Financial records. 
12 USC 3407.

  SEC. 1107. A Government authority may obtain financial records
under section 1102(4) pursuant to judicial subpoena only if—
  (1) such subpoena is authorized by law and there is reason to
        believe that the records sought are relevant to a legitimate law
        enforcement inquiry;
  (2) a copy of the subpoena has been served upon the customer
        or mailed to his last known address on or before the date on which
        the subpoena was served on the financial institution together with
        the following notice which shall state with reasonable specificity
        the nature of the law enforcement inquiry: