92 STAT. 3698               PUBLIC LAW 95-630 — NOV. 10, 1978

from a financial institution unless the financial records are reasonably
described and —
          (1) such customer has authorized such disclosure in accordance
       with section 1104;
          (2) such financial records are disclosed in response to an admin-
       istrative subpoena or summons which meets the requirements of
       section 1105;
          (3) such financial records are disclosed in response to a search
       warrant which meets the requirements of section 1106;
          (4) such financial records are disclosed in response to a judicial
       subpoena which meets the requirements of section 1107; or
          (5) such financial records are disclosed in response to a formal
       written request which meets the requirements of section 1108.


                           CONFIDETIALITY OF RECORDS—FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS

   12 USC 3403.    Sec. 1103. (a) No financial institution, or officer, employees, or agent
of a financial institution, may provide to any Government authority
access to or copies of, or the information contained in, the financial
records of any customer except in accordance with the provisions of
this title.
                      (b) A financial institution shall not release the financial records of
a customer until the Government authority seeking such records
certifies in writing to the financial institution that it has complied
with the applicable provisions of this title.
                      (c) Nothing in this title shall preclude any financial institution, or
any officer, employee, or agent of a financial institution, from notifying
a Government authority that such institution, or officer, employee, or
agent has information which may be relevant to a possible violation of
any statute or regulation.
                      (d) (1) Nothing in this title shall preclude a financial institution,
as an incident to perfecting a security interest, proving a claim in
bankruptcy, or otherwise collecting on a debt owing either to the
financial institution itself or in its role as a fiduciary, from providing
copies of any financial record to any court or Government authority.
                                  (2) Nothing in this title shall preclude a financial institution, as
an incident to processing an application for assistance to a customer
in the form of a Government loan, loan guaranty, or loan insurance
agreement, or as an incident to processing a default on, or administer-
ing, a Government guaranteed or insured loan, from initiating
contact with an appropriate Government authority for the purpose
of providing any financial record necessary to permit such authority
to carry out its responsibilities under a loan, loan guaranty, or loan
insurance agreement.

                        CUSTOMER AUTHORIZATIONS

12 USC 3404.         SEC. 1104. (a) A customer may authorize disclosure under section
1102(1) if he furnishes to the financial institution and to the Govern-
ment authority seeking to obtain such disclosure a signed and dated
statement which—
           (1) authorizes such disclosure for a period not in excess of
        three months;
           (2) states that the customer may revoke such authorization at
        any time before the financial records are disclosed;
          (3) identifies the financial records which are authorized to be
        disclosed;
