PUBLIC LAW 95-630—NOV. 10, 1978
92 STAT. 3709

Terms of section
(3) such punitive damages as the court may allow, where the 
violation is found to have been willful or intentional; and
(4) in the case of any successful action to enforce liability 
under this section, the costs of the action together with reasonable
attorney's fees as determined by the court.
(b) Whenever the court determines that any agency or department 
of the United States has violated any provision of this title and the 
court finds that the circumstances surrounding the violation raise 
questions of whether an officer or employee of the department or 
agency acted willfully or intentionally with respect to the violation, 
the Civil Service Commission shall promptly initiate a proceeding 
to determine whether disciplinary action is warranted against the 
officer or employee who was primarily responsible for the violation. 
The Commission after investigation and consideration of the evidence 
submitted, shall submit its findings and recommendations to the 
administrative authority of the agency concerned and shall send 
copies of the findings and recommendations to the officer or employee 
or his representative. The administrative authority shall take the cor-
rective action that the Commission recommends.
(c) Any financial institution or agent or employee thereof making 
a disclosure of financial records pursuant to this title in good-faith 
reliance upon a certificate by any Government authority shall not be 
liable to the customer for such disclosure.
Liability.
(d) The remedies and sanctions described in this title shall be the 
only authorized judicial remedies and sanctions for violations of this 
title.

INJUNCTIVE RELIEF

Sec. 1118. In addition to any other remedy contained in this title, 
injunctive relief shall be available to require that the procedures of 
this title are complied with. In the event of any successful action, costs
together with reasonable attorney's fees as determined by the court 
may be recovered.
Sec 1118. 12 USC 3418

SUSPENSION OF STATUTES OF LIMITATIONS

SEC. 1119. If any individual files a motion or application under this
12 USC 3419 title which has the effect of delaying the access of a Government 
authority to financial records pertaining to such individual, any 
applicable statute of limitations shall be deemed to be tolled for the 
period extending from the date such motion or application was filed 
until the date upon which the motion or application is decided.
Sec 1119. 12 USC 3419


GRAND JURY INFORMATION

SEC. 1120. Financial records about a customer obtained from a 
financial institution pursuant to a subpena issued under the authority 
of a Federal grand jury -
(a) 12 USC 3420


(1) shall be returned and actually presented to the grand jury;
(2) shall be used only for the purpose of considering whether 
to issue an indictment or presentment by that grand jury, or of 
prosecuting a crime for which that indictment or presentment is
issued, or for a purpose authorized by rule 6(e) of the Federal 
Rules of Criminal Procedure;
(3) shall be destroyed or returned to the financial institution if 
not used for one of the purposes specified in paragraph (2); and
(4) shall not be maintained, or a description of the contents of 
such records shall not be maintained by any Government authority
 18 USC app.