PUBLIC LAW 94-240—MAR. 23, 1976 

end of the term and whether or not the lessee has the option to purchase the leased property and at what price and time. 
“(b) There is no liability under this section on the part of any owner or personnel, as such, of any medium in which an advertisement appears or through which it is disseminated. 
“§ 185. Civil liability 
“(a) Any lessor who fails to comply with any requirement imposed under section 182 or 183 of this chapter with respect to any person is liable to such person as provided in section 130. 
“(b) Any lessor who fails to comply with any requirement imposed under section 184 of this chapter with respect to any person who suffers actual damage from the violation is liable to such person as provided section 130. For the purposes of this section, the term ‘creditor’ is used in sections 115, 130, and 131 shall include a lessor as defined in this chapter. 
“(c) Notwithstanding section 130(e), any action under this section may be brought in any United States district court or in any other court of competent jurisdiction. Such actions alleging a failure to disclose or otherwise comply with the requirements of this chapter shall be brought within one year of the termination of the lease agreement. 

§ 186. Relation to State laws 
“(a) This chapter does not annul, alter, or affect, or exempt any person subject to the provisions of this chapter from complying with, the laws of any State with respect to consumer leases, except to the extent that those laws are inconsistent with any provision of this chapter, and then only to the extent of the inconsistency. The Board is authorized to determine whether such inconsistencies exist. The Board may not determine that any State law is inconsistent with any provision of this chapter if the Board determines that such law gives greater protection and benefit to the consumer. 
“(b) The Board shall by regulation exempt from the requirements of this chapter any class of lease transactions within any State if it determines that under the law of that State that class of transactions is subject to requirements substantially similar to those imposed under this chapter or that such law gives greater protection and benefit to the consumer, and that there is adequate provision for enforcement.” 
AMENDMENTS TO SECTION 130 
SEC. 4. Section 130 of the Truth in Lending Act is amended as follows: (1) In subsection (a), after “chapter 4” insert “or 5”. 
(2) In clause (2)(A) of subsection (a), insert “(i)” after “(A)”, and insert after “transaction” a comma and the following: “or (ii) in the case of an individual action relating to a consumer lease under chapter 5 of this title, 25 per centum of the total amount of monthly payments under the lease”. 
(3) In paragraph (2)(B) of subsection (a), strike out “lesser of $100,000” and insert in lieu thereof “lesser of $500,000”. 
(4) In subsection (b), insert “or chapter 5” after “this chapter” and strike out the word “finance”. 
(5) In subsection (g), after “this chapter”, insert “or chapter 4 or 5 of this title”, and insert after “consumer loan” a comma and “consumer lease”.