[Pub. 305.]

noninsured bank, or transfer assets to any noninsured bank in consideration of the assumption of liability for any portion of the deposits made in such insured bank, and no insured State nonmember bank (except a District bank) without such consent shall reduce the amount or retire any part of its common or preferred capital stock, or retire any part of its capital notes or debentures.

“(5) No State nonmember insured bank (except a District bank) shall establish and operate any new branch after thirty days after the effective date unless it shall have the prior written consent of the Corporation, and no branch of any State nonmember insured bank shall be moved from one location to another after thirty days after the effective date without such consent. The factors to be considered in granting or withholding the consent of the Corporation under this paragraph shall be those enumerated in subsection (g) of this section.

“(6) The Corporation may require any insured bank to provide protection and indemnity against burglary, defalcation, and other similar insurable losses. Whenever any insured bank refuses to comply with any such requirement the Corporation may contract for such protection and indemnity and add the cost thereof to the assessment otherwise payable by such bank.

“(7) Whenever any insured bank (except a national bank or a District bank), after written notice of the recommendations of the Corporation based on a report of examination of such bank by an examiner of the Corporation, shall fail to comply with such recommendations within one hundred and twenty days after such notice, the Corporation shall have the power, and is hereby authorized, to publish only such part of such report of examination as relates to any recommendation not complied with: Provided, That notice of intention to make such publication shall be given to the bank at least ninety days before such publication is made.

“(8) The board of directors shall by regulation prohibit the payment of interest on demand deposits in insured nonmember banks and for such purpose it may define the term ‘demand deposits’; but such exceptions from this prohibition shall be made as are now or may hereafter be prescribed with respect to deposits payable on demand in member banks by section 19 of this Act, as amended, or by regulation of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. The board of directors shall from time to time by regulation the rates of interest or dividends which may be paid by insured nonmember banks on time and savings deposits, but such regulations shall be consistent with the contractual obligations of such banks to their depositors. For the purpose of fixing such rates of interest or dividends, the board of directors shall by regulation prescribe different rates for such payment on time and savings deposits having different maturities, or subject to different conditions respecting withdrawal or repayment, or subject to different conditions by reason of different locations, or according to the varying discount rates of member banks in the several Federal Reserve districts. The board of directors shall by regulation define what constitutes time and savings deposits in an insured nonmember bank. Such regulations shall prohibit any insured nonmember bank from paying any time deposit before its maturity except upon such conditions and in

Digitized for FRASER 
http://fraser.stlouisfed.org/
Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis