"(16) The term 'effective date' means the date of enactment of the Banking Act of 1935.

(d) There is hereby authorized to be appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $150,000,000, which shall be available for payment by the Secretary of the Treasury for capital stock of the Corporation in an equal amount, which shall be subscribed for by him on behalf of the United States. Payments upon such subscription shall be subject to call in whole or in part by the board of directors of the Corporation. Such stock shall be in addition to the amount of capital stock required to be subscribed for by Federal Reserve banks. Receipts for payments by the United States for or on account of such stock shall be issued by the Corporation to the Secretary of the Treasury and shall be evidence of the stock ownership of the United States. Every Federal Reserve bank shall subscribe to shares of stock in the Corporation to an amount equal to one-half of the surplus of such bank on January 1, 1933, and its subscriptions shall be accompanied by a certified check payable to the Corporation in an amount equal to one-half of such subscription. The remainder of such subscription shall be subject to call from time to time by the board of directors upon ninety days' notice. The capital stock of the Corporation shall consist of the shares subscribed for prior to the effective date. Such stock shall be without nominal or par value, and shares issued prior to the effective date shall be exchanged and reissued at the rate of one share for each $100 paid into the Corporation for capital stock. The consideration received by the Corporation for the capital stock shall be allocated to capital and to surplus in such amounts as the board of directors shall prescribe. Such stock shall have no vote and shall not be entitled to the payment of dividends.

(e) (1) Every operating State or national member bank, including a bank incorporated since March 10, 1933, licensed on or before the effective date by the Secretary of the Treasury shall be and continue to be, without application or approval, an insured bank and shall be subject to the provisions of this section.

(2) After the effective date, every national member bank which is authorized to commence or resume the business of banking, and every State bank which is converted into a national member bank or which becomes a member of the Federal Reserve System, shall be an insured bank from the time it is authorized to commence or resume business or becomes a member of the Federal Reserve System. The certificate herein prescribed shall be issued to the Corporation by the Comptroller of the Currency in the case of such national member bank, or by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System in the case of such State member bank: Provided, That in the case of an insured bank which is admitted to membership in the Federal Reserve System or an insured State bank which is converted into a national member bank, such certificate shall not be required, and the bank shall continue as an insured bank. Such certificate shall state that the bank is authorized to transact the business of banking in the case of a national member bank, or is a member of the Federal Reserve System in the case of a State member bank, and that consideration has been given to the factors enumerated in subsection (g) of this section.