44                     [PUB. 305.]
    
Sec. 345. If any part of the capital of a national bank, State
member bank, or bank applying for membership in the Federal
Reserve System consists of preferred stock, the determination of
whether or not the capital of such bank is impaired and the amount
of such impairment shall be based upon the par value of its stock
even though the amount which the holders of such preferred stock
shall be entitled to receive in the event of retirement or liquidation
shall be in excess of the par value of such preferred stock. If any
such bank or trust company shall have outstanding any capital
notes or debentures of the type which the Reconstruction Finance
Corporation is authorized to purchase pursuant to the provisions
of section 304 of the Emergency Banking and Bank Conservation
Act, approved March 9, 1933, as amended, the capital of such bank
may be deemed to be unimpaired if the sound value of its assets is
not less than its total liabilities, including capital stock, but exclud-
ing such capital notes or debentures and any obligations of the bank
expressly subordinated thereto. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, the holders of preferred stock issued by a national
banking association pursuant to the provisions of the Emergency
Banking and Bank Conservation Act, approved March 9, 1933, as
amended, shall be entitled to receive such cumulative dividends
at a rate not exceeding six per centum per annum on the purchase
price received by the association for such stock and, in the event
of the retirement of such stock, to receive such retirement price,
not in excess of such purchase price plus all accumulated dividends,
as may be provided in the articles of association with the approval
of the Comptroller of the Currency. If the association is placed
in voluntary liquidation, or if a conservator or a receiver is
appointed therefor, no payment shall be made to the holders of
common stock until the holders of preferred stock shall have been
paid in full such amounts as may be provided in the articles of
association with the approval of the Comptroller of the Currency,
not in excess of such purchase price of such preferred stock plus
all accumulated dividends.
    
Sec. 346. If any provision of this Act, or the application thereof
to any person or circumstances, is held invalid, the remainder of
the Act, and the application of such provision to other persons and
circumstances, shall not be affected thereby.
    
Approved, August 23, 1935.

Digitized for FRASER http://fraser.stlouisfed.org/ Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis