[Pub. 305.]  
27  
shall hold his office for a term of five years unless sooner removed by the President, upon reasons to be communicated by him to the Senate; and he shall receive a salary at the rate of $15,000 a year."  

TITLE III—TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO THE BANKING LAWS  
Section 301. Subsection (c) of section 2 of the Banking Act of 1933, as amended, is amended by adding at the end thereof the following paragraph:  

"Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term 'holding company affiliate' shall not include (except for the purposes of section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended) any corporation all of the stock of which is owned by the United States, or any organization which is determined by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System not to be engaged, directly or indirectly, as a business in holding the stock of, or managing or controlling, banks, banking associations, savings banks, or trust companies."  

Sec. 302. The first paragraph of section 20 of the Banking Act of 1933, as amended, is amended by inserting before the period at the end thereof a colon and the following: "Provided, That nothing in this paragraph shall apply to any such organization which shall have been placed in formal liquidation and which shall transact no business except such as may be incidental to the liquidation of its affairs".  

Sec. 303. (a) Paragraph (1) of subsection (a) of section 21 of the Banking Act of 1933, as amended, is amended by inserting before the semicolon at the end thereof a colon and the following: "Provided, That the provisions of this paragraph shall not prohibit national banks or State banks or trust companies (whether or not members of the Federal Reserve System) or other financial institutions or private bankers from dealing in, underwriting, purchasing, and selling investment securities to the extent permitted to national banking associations by the provisions of section 5136 of the Revised Statutes, as amended (U.S.C., title 12, sec. 24; Supp. VII, title 12, sec. 24) : Provided further, That nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as affecting in any way such right as any bank, banking association, savings bank, trust company, or other banking institution, may otherwise possess to sell, without recourse or agreement to repurchase, obligations evidencing loans on real estate".  

(b) Paragraph (2) of subsection (a) of such section 21 is amended to read as follows:  

"(2) For any person, firm, corporation, association, business trust, or other similar organization to engage, to any extent whatever with others than his or its officers, agents or employees, in the business of receiving deposits subject to check or to repayment upon presentation of a pass book, certificate of deposit, or other evidence of debt, or upon request of the depositor, unless such person, firm, corporation, association, business trust, or other similar organization (A) shall be incorporated under, and authorized to engage in such business by, the laws of the United States or of any State, Territory, or District, or (B) shall be permitted by any State, Territory, or District to engage in such business and shall be subjected by the law of such State, Territory, or District to examination and regulation, or (C) shall submit to periodic examination by the banking authority of the