26

SEC. 207. The sixth paragraph of section 19 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, is amended to read as follows:
"Notwithstanding the other provisions of this section, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, upon the affirmative vote of not less than four of its members, in order to prevent injurious credit expansion or contraction, may by regulation change the requirements as to reserves to be maintained against demand or time deposits or both by member banks in reserve and central reserve cities or by member banks not in reserve or central reserve cities or by all member banks; but the amount of the reserves required to be maintained by any such member bank as a result of any such change shall not be less than the amount of the reserves required by law to be maintained by such bank on the date of enactment of the Banking Act of 1935 nor more than twice such amount." 

SEC. 208. The first paragraph of section 24 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, is amended to read as follows:
"SEC.24. Any national banking association may make real-estate loans secured by first liens upon improved real estate, including improved farm land and improved business and residential properties. A loan secured by real estate within the meaning of this section shall be in the form of an obligation or obligations secured by mortgage, trust deed, or other such instrument upon real estate, and any national banking association may purchase any obligation so secured when the entire amount of such obligation is sold to the association. The amount of any such loan hereafter made shall not exceed 60 per centum of the appraised value of the real estate offered as security and no such loan shall be made for a longer term than five years; except that (1) any such loan may be made in an amount not to exceed 60 per centum of the appraised value of the real estate offered as security and for a term not longer than ten years if the loan is secured by an amortized mortgage, deed of trust, or other such instrument under the terms of which the installment payments are sufficient to amortize 40 per centum or more of the principal of the loan within a period of not more than ten years, and (2) the foregoing limitations and restrictions shall not prevent the renewal or extension of loan heretofore made and shall not apply to real-estate loans which are insured under the provisions of Title II of the National Housing Act. No such association shall make such loans in an aggregate sum in excess of the amount of the capital stock of such association paid in and unimpaired plus the amount of its unimpaired surplus fund, or in excess of 60 per centum of the amount of its time and savings deposits, whichever is the greater. Any such association may continue hereafter as heretofore to receive time and savings deposits and to pay interest on the same, but the rate of interest which such association may pay upon such time deposits or upon savings or other deposits shall not exceed the maximum rate authorized by law to be paid upon such deposits by State banks or trust companies organized under the laws of the State in which such association is located."

SEC. 209. Section 325 of the Revised Statutes is amended to read as follows:
"SEC. 325. The Comptroller of the Currency shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, and