12 [Pub. 304.]

like manner shall appoint claim agents who shall have power to investigate and examine all claims for insured deposits and transferred deposits. Each claim agent shall have power to administer oaths and to examine under oath and take and preserve the testimony of any persons relating to such claims. The provisions of sections 184 to 186 (both inclusive) of the Revised Statutes (U.S. C., title 5, secs. 94 to 96) are hereby extended to examinations and investigations authorized by this paragraph.
    “(3) Each insured State nonmember bank (except a District bank) shall make to the Corporation reports of condition in such form and at such times as the board of directors may require. The board of directors may require such reports to be published in such manner, not inconsistent with any applicable law, as it may direct. Every such bank which fails to make or publish any such report within such time, not less than five days, as the board of directors may require, shall be subject to a penalty of not more than $100 for each day of such failure recoverable by the Corporation for its use.
    “(4) The Corporation shall have access to reports of examinations made by, and reports of condition made to, the Comptroller of the Currency or any Federal Reserve bank, may accept any report made by or to any commission, board, or authority having supervision of State nonmember bank (except a District bank), and may furnish to the Comptroller of the Currency, to any Federal Reserve bank, and to any such commission, board, or authority, reports of examinations made on behalf of, and reports of condition made to, the Corporation.
    “(1) (1) The Temporary Federal Deposit Insurance Fund and the Fund For Mutuals heretofore created pursuant to the provisions of this section are hereby consolidated into a Permanent Insurance Fund for insuring deposits, and the assets therein shall be held by the Corporation for the uses and purposes of the Corporation: Provided, That the obligations to and rights of the Corporation, depositors, banks, and other persons arising out of any event or transaction prior to the effective date shall remain unimpaired. On and after the effective date, the Corporation shall insure the deposits of all insured banks as provided in this section: Provided, That the insurance shall apply only to deposits of insured banks which have been made available since March 10, 1933, for withdrawal in the usual course of the banking business: Provided further, That if any insured bank shall, without the consent of the Corporation, release or modify restrictions on or deferments of deposits which had not been made available for withdrawal in the usual course of the banking business on or before the effective date, such deposits shall not be insured. The maximum amount of the insured deposit of any depositor shall be $5,000. The Corporation, in the discretion of the board of directors, may open on its books solely for the benefit of mutual savings banks and depositors therein a separate Fund For Mutuals. If such Fund is opened, all assessments upon mutual savings banks shall be paid into such Fund and the Permanent Insurance Fund of the Corporation shall cease to be liable for insurance losses sustained in mutual savings banks: Provided, That the capital assets of the Corporation shall be so liable and all expenses of operation of the Corporation shall be allocated between such Funds on an equitable basis.