40 

thirty days thereafter to appoint an appraiser of the value of his shares, said shareholder may request the Comptroller of the Currency to appoint such appraiser to act on the appraisal committee for and on behalf of such association. 

"If shares, when sold at public auction in accordance with this section, realize a price greater than their final appraised value, the excess in such sale price shall be paid to the shareholder. The consolidated association shall be liable for all liabilities of the respective consolidating associations. In the event one of the appraisers fails to agree with the others as to the value of said shares, then the valuation of the remaining appraisers shall govern." 

Sec. 331. (a) Section 3 of the Act of November 7, 1918, as amended (U. S. C., Supp. VII, title 12, sec. 34 (a)), is amended by striking out the first sentence following the proviso down to and including the words "to be ascertained" and inserting in lieu thereof the following: "If such consolidation shall be voted for at said meetings by the necessary majorities of the shareholders of the association and of the State or other bank proposing to consolidate, and thereafter the consolidation shall be approved by the Comptroller of the Currency, any shareholder of either the association or the State or other bank so consolidated, who has voted against such consolidation at the meeting of the association of which he is a stockholder, or has given notice in writing at or prior to such meeting to the presiding officer that he dissents from the plan of consolidation, shall be entitled to receive the value of the shares so held by him if and when said consolidation shall be approved by the Comptroller of the Currency, such value to be ascertained as of the date of the Comptroller's approval." 

(b) Such section 3 is further amended by adding at the end thereof the following paragraph: 

"Where a dissenting shareholder has given notice as provided in this section to the bank of which he is a shareholder of his dissent from the plan of consolidation, and the directors thereof fail for more than thirty days thereafter to appoint an appraiser of the value of his shares, said shareholder may request the Comptroller of the Currency to appoint such appraiser to act on the appraisal committee for and on behalf of such bank. In the event one of the appraisers fails to agree with the others as to the value of said shares, then the valuation of the remaining appraisers shall govern." 

Sec. 332. The Act entitled "An Act to prohibit offering for sale as Federal farm-loan bonds any securities not issued under the terms of the Farm Loan Act, to limit the use of the words 'Federal', 'United States', or 'reserve', or a combination of such words, to prohibit false advertising, and for other purposes", approved May 24, 1926 (U. S. C., Supp. VII, title 12, secs. 584-588), is amended by inserting in section 2 thereof after "the words 'United States'", the following: "the words 'Deposit Insurance' "; and by inserting in said section after the words "the laws of the United States", the following: "nor to any new bank organized by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as provided in section 12B of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended;", and by striking out the period at the end of section 4 and inserting the following: "or the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation."