29

through syndicate participation, of stocks, bonds, or other similar
securities, shall serve the same time as an officer, director, or employee
of any member bank except in limited classes of cases in which the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System may allow such
service by general regulations when in the judgment of the said
Board it would not unduly influence the investment policies of such
member bank or the advice it gives its customers regarding
investments."
SEC. 308. (a) The second sentence of paragraph Seventh of section
5136 of the Revised Statutes, as amended (U. S. C, Supp. VII, title
12, sec. 24), is amended to read as follows: "The business of dealing
in securities and stock by the association shall be limited to purchas-
ing and selling such securities and stock without recourse, solely upon
the order, and for the account of, customers, and in no case for its
own account, and the association shall not underwrite any issue of
securities or stock: Provided, That the association may purchase for
its own account investment securities under such limitations and
restrictions as the Comptroller of the Currency may by regulation
prescribe. In no event shall the total amount of the investment
securities of any one obligor or maker, held by the association for its
own account, exceed at any time 10 per centum of its capital stock
actually paid in and unimpaired and 10 per centum of its unimpaired
surplus fund, except that this limitation shall not require any asso-
ciation to dispose of any securities lawfully held by it on the date of
enactment of the Banking Act of 1935."
(b) The fourth sentence of such paragraph Seventh is amended to
read as follows: "Except as hereinafter provided or otherwise per-
mitted by law, nothing herein contained shall authorize the purchase
by the association for its own account of any shares of stock of any
corporation."
(c) The last sentence of such paragraph Seventh is amended by
inserting before the colon after the words "Home Owners' Loan
Corporation" a comma and the following: "or obligations which are
insured by the Federal Housing Administrator pursuant to section
207 of the National Housing Act, if the debentures to be issued in
payment of such insured obligations are guaranteed as to principal
and interest by the United States".
SEC. 309. Section 5138 of the Revised Statutes, as amended,
(U. S. C, Supp. VII, title 12, sec. 51), is amended by adding the
following sentences at the end thereof: "No such association shall
hereafter be authorized to commence the business of banking until it
shall have a paid-in surplus equal to 20 per centum of its capital:
Provided, That the Comptroller of the Currency may waive this
requirement as to a State bank converting into a national banking
association, but each such State bank which is converted into a
national banking association shall, before the declaration of a divi-
dend on its shares of common stock, carry not less than one-half part
of its net profits of the preceding half year to its surplus fund until
it shall have a surplus equal to 20 per centum of its capital: Provided,
That for the purposes of this section any amounts paid into a fund
for the retirement of any preferred stock of any such converted State
bank out of its net earnings for such half-year period shall be deemed
to be an addition to its surplus fund if, upon the retirement of such
preferred stock, the amount so paid into such retirement fund for