32                          [PUB. 305.]

SEC. 314. Section 5197 of the Revised Statutes, as amended (U. S. C, Supp. VII, title 12, sec. 85), is amended by inserting after the second sentence thereof the following new sentence: "The maximum amount of interest or discount to be charged at a branch of an association located outside of the States of the United States and the District of Columbia shall be at the rate allowed by the laws of the country, territory, dependency, province, dominion, insular possession, or other political subdivision where the branch is located."

SEC. 315. Section 5199 of the Revised Statutes (U. S. C., title 12, sec. 60), is amended to read as follows: 
"SEC. 5199. The directors of any association may, semiannually, declare a dividend of so much of the net profits of the association as they shall judge expedient; but each association shall, before the declaration of a dividend on its shares of common stock, carry not less than one-tenth part of its net profits of the preceding half year to its surplus fund until the same shall equal the amount of its common capital: Provided, That for the purposes of this section, any amounts paid into a fund for the retirement of any preferred stock of any such association out of its net earnings for such half-year period shall be deemed to be an addition to its surplus fund if, upon the retirement of such preferred stock, the amount so paid into such retirement fund for such period may then properly be carried to surplus. In any such case the association shall be obligated to transfer to surplus the amounts so paid into such retirement fund for such period on account of the preferred stock as such stock is retired."

SEC. 316. Section 5209 of the Revised Statutes (U. S. C., title 12, sec. 592), is hereby amended by inserting after the words "known as the Federal Reserve Act ", the words "or of any national banking association, or of any insured bank as defined in subsection (c) of section 12B of the Federal Reserve Act "; and by inserting after the words "such Federal Reserve bank or member bank ", wherever they appear in such section, the words "or such national banking association or insured bank "; and by inserting after the words "or the Comptroller of the Currency", the words "or the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation,"

SEC. 317. Section 5220 of the Revised Statutes (U. S. C., title 12, sec. 181), is amended by adding at the end thereof the following paragraph: 
"The shareholders shall designate one or more persons to act as liquidating agent or committee, who shall conduct the liquidation in accordance with law and under the supervision of the board of directors, who shall require a suitable bond to be given by said agent or committee. The liquidating agent or committee shall render annual reports to the Comptroller of the Currency on the 31st day of December of each year showing the progress of said liquidation until the same is completed. The liquidating agent or committee shall also make an annual report to a meeting of the shareholders to be held on the date fixed in the articles of association for the annual meeting, at which meeting the shareholders may, if they see fit, by a vote representing a majority of the entire stock of the bank, remove the liquidating agent or committee and appoint one or more others in place thereof. A special meeting of the shareholders may be called at any time in the same manner as if the bank continued an active bank and at said meeting the shareholders may, by vote of the