34

or notes of the United States issued since April 24, 1917, certificates of indebtedness of the United States, Treasury bills of the United States, or obligations fully guaranteed both as to principal and interest by the United States, such limitation of 10 per centum on loans to any person shall not apply, but State member banks shall be subject to the same limitations and conditions as are applicable in the case of national banks under paragraph (8) of section 5200 of the Revised Statutes, as amended (U. S. C., Supp. VII, title 12, sec. 84)”. 

(b) Paragraph (8) of section 5200 of the Revised Statutes, as amended (U. S. C., Supp. VII, title 12, sec. 84), is amended by inserting after the comma following the words “certificates of indebtedness of the United States”, the words “Treasury bills of the United States, or obligations fully guaranteed both as to principal and interest by the United States”, 

Sec. 322. The third paragraph of section 13 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, is amended by changing the words “indorsed and otherwise secured to the satisfaction of the Federal Reserve bank” in that paragraph to read “indorsed or otherwise secured to the satisfaction of the Federal Reserve bank”. 

Sec. 323. Subsection (e) of section 13b of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, is amended by striking out “upon the date this section takes effect”, and inserting in lieu thereof “on and after June 19, 1934”; and by striking out “the par value of the holdings of each Federal Reserve bank of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation stock”, and inserting in lieu thereof “the amount paid by each Federal Reserve bank for stock of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation”. 

Sec. 324. (a) The first paragraph of section 19 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, is amended to read as follows: 
“Sec. 19. The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System is authorized, for the purposes of this section, to define the terms ‘demand deposits’, ‘gross demand deposits’, ‘deposits payable on demand’, ‘time deposits’, ‘savings deposits’, and ‘trust funds’, to determine what shall be deemed to be a payment of interest, and to prescribe such rules and regulations as it may deem necessary to effectuate the purposes of this section and prevent evasions thereof: Provided, That, within the meaning of the provisions of this section regarding the reserves required of member banks, the term ‘time deposits’ shall include ‘savings deposits’.” 

(b) The tenth paragraph of such section 19 is amended to read as follows: 
“In estimating the reserve balances required by this Act, member banks may deduct from the amount of their gross demand deposits the amounts of balances due from other banks (except Federal Reserve banks and foreign banks) and cash items in process of collection payable immediately upon presentation in the United States, within the meaning of these terms as defined by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.” 

(c) The last two paragraphs of such section 19 are amended to read as follows: 
“No member bank shall, directly or indirectly, by any device whatsoever, pay any interest on any deposit which is payable on demand: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con