on such date: Provided, That not less than six months prior to such date, the savings bank, savings company, banking institution, or trust company, desiring to take advantage hereof, shall have caused notice of such prospective termination of liability to be published in a newspaper published in the District of Columbia and having general circulation therein. In the event of failure to give such notice as and when above provided, a termination of such additional liability may thereafter be accomplished as of the date six months subsequent to publication in the manner above provided. Each such savings bank, savings company, banking institution, and trust company shall, before the declaration of a dividend on its shares of common stock, carry not less than one-tenth part of its net profits of the preceding half year to its surplus fund until the same shall equal the amount of its common stock: Provided, That for the purposes of this section, any amounts paid into a fund for the retirement of any preferred stock or debentures of any such savings bank, savings company, banking institution, or trust company, out of its net earnings for such half-year period shall be deemed to be an addition to its surplus if, upon the retirement of such preferred stock or debentures, the amount so paid into such retirement fund for such period may then properly be carried to surplus. In any such ease the savings bank, savings company, banking institution, or trust company shall be obligated to transfer to surplus the amount so paid into such retirement fund for such period on account of the preferred stock or debentures as such stock or debentures are retired.

Sec. 338. The second paragraph of section 9 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, is amended by striking out the period at the end thereof and adding thereto the following: "except that the approval of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, instead of the Comptroller of the Currency, shall be obtained before any State member bank may hereafter establish any branch and before any State bank hereafter admitted to membership may retain any branch established after February 25, 1927, beyond the limits of the city, town, or village in which the parent bank is situated."

Sec. 339. Section 5234 of the Revised Statutes, as amended (U. S. C., title 12, sec. 192), is amended by striking out the period after the words "money so deposited " at the end of the next to the last sentence of such section and inserting in lieu of such period a colon and the following: "Provided, That no security in the form of deposit of United States bonds, or otherwise, shall be required in the case of such parts of the deposits as are insured under section 12B of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended.''

Sec. 340. Section 61 of the Act entitled "An Act to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the United States", approved July 1, 1898, as amended, is amended by inserting before the period at the end thereof a colon and the following: "Provided, That no security in form of a bond or otherwise shall be required in the case of such part of the deposits as are insured under section 12B of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended".

Sec. 341. Section 8 of the Act entitled "An Act to establish postal savings depositories for depositing savings at interest with the security of the Government for repayment thereof, and for other purposes", approved June 25, 1910, as amended (U. S. C., title 39, sec.