[Pub. 305.]

25

Sec. 204. Section 10 (b) of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, is amended to read as follows:
"Sec. 10 (b). Any Federal Reserve bank, under rules and regulations prescribed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, may make advances to any member bank on its time or demand notes having maturities of not more than four months and which are secured to the satisfaction of such Federal Reserve bank. Each such note shall bear interest at a rate not less than one-half of 1 per centum per annum higher than the highest discount rate in effect at such Federal Reserve bank on the date of such note."

Sec. 205. Section 12A of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, is amended, effective March 1, 1936, to read as follows:
"Sec. 12A. (a) There is hereby created a Federal Open Market Committee (hereinafter referred to as the "Committee"), which shall consist of the members of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and five representatives of the Federal Reserve banks to be selected as hereinafter provided. Such representatives of the Federal Reserve banks shall be elected annually as follows: One by the boards of directors of the Federal Reserve Banks of Boston and New York, one by the boards of directors of the Federal Reserve Banks of Philadelphia and Cleveland, one by the boards of directors of the Federal Reserve Banks of Chicago and Saint Louis, one by the boards of directors of the Federal Reserve Banks of Richmond, Atlanta, and Dallas, and one by the boards of directors of the Federal Reserve Banks of Minneapolis, Kansas City, and San Francisco. An alternate to serve in the absence of each such representative shall be elected annually in the same manner. The meetings of said Committee shall be held at Washington, District of Columbia, at least four times each year upon the call of the chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or at the request of any three members of the Committee.
"(b) No Federal Reserve bank shall engage or decline to engage in open-market operations under section 14 of this Act except in accordance with the direction of and regulations adopted by the Committee. The Committee shall consider, adopt, and transmit to the several Federal Reserve banks, regulations relating to the open-market transactions of such banks.
"(c) The time, character, and volume of all purchases and sales of paper described in section 14 of this Act as eligible for open-market operations shall be governed with a view to accommodating commerce and business and with regard to their bearing upon the general credit situation of the country."

Sec. 206. (a) Subsection (b) of section 14 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, is amended by inserting before the semicolon at the end thereof a colon and the following: Provided, That any bonds, notes, or other obligations which are direct obligations of the United States or which are fully guaranteed by the United States as to principal and interest may be bought and sold without regard to maturities but only in the open market:
(b) Subsection (d) of section 14 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, is amended by adding at the end thereof the following: "but each such bank shall establish such rates every fourteen days, or oftener if deemed necessary by the Board;".