accordance with such rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the board of directors, and from waiving any requirement of notice before payment of any savings deposit except as to all savings deposits having the same requirement. For each violation of any provision of this paragraph or any lawful provision of such regulations relating to the payment of interest or dividends on deposits or to withdrawal of deposits, the offending bank shall be subject to a penalty or not more than $100, recoverable by the Corporation for its use.

"(w) The provisions of sections 112, 113, 114, 115, 116, and 117 of the Criminal Code of the United States (U. S. C., title 18, ch. 5, secs. 202 to 207, inclusive), insofar as applicable, are extended to apply to contracts or agreements with the Corporation under this section, which for the purposes hereof shall be held to include loans, advances, extensions, and renewals thereof, and acceptances, releases, and substitutions of security therefor, purchases or sales of assets, and all contracts and agreements pertaining to the same.

"(x) The Secret Service Division of the Treasury Department is authorized to detect, arrest, and deliver into the custody of the United States marshal having jurisdiction any person committing any of the offenses punishable under this section.

"(y) (1) No State bank which during the calendar year 1941 or any succeeding calendar year shall have average deposits of $1,000,000 or more shall be an insured bank or continue to have any part of its deposits insured after July 1 of the year following any such calendar year during which it shall have had such amount of average deposits, unless such bank shall be a member of the Federal Reserve System: Provided, That for the purposes of this paragraph the term 'State bank' shall not include a savings bank, a mutual savings bank, a Morris Plan bank or other incorporated banking institution engaged only in a business similar to that transacted by Morris Plan banks, a State trust company doing no commercial banking business, or a bank located in Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico, or the Virgin Islands.

(2) It is not the purpose of this section to discriminate, in any manner, against State nonmember, and in favor of, national or member banks; but the purpose is to provide all banks with the same opportunity to obtain and enjoy the benefits of this section. No bank shall be discriminated against because its capital stock is less than the amount required for eligibility for admission into the Federal Reserve System.

(z) The provisions of this section limiting the insurance of the deposits of any depositor to a maximum less than the full amount shall be independent and separable from each and all of the provisions of this section."

TITLE II—AMENDMENTS TO THE FEDERAL RESERVE ACT

SECTION 201. Paragraph "Fifth" of section 4 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, is amended, effective March 1, 1936, to read as follows:

"Fifth. To appoint by its board of directors a president, vice presidents, and such officers and employees as are not otherwise provided for in this Act, to define their duties, require bonds for them

Digitized for FRASER
http://fraser.stlouisfed.org/
Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis