[PUBLIC—No. 305—74TH CONGRESS]

[H. R. 7617]

AN ACT
To provide for the sound, effective, and uninterrupted operation of the banking system, and for other purposes.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That this Act may be cited as the "Banking Act of 1935”.

TITLE I—FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE

SECTION 101. Section 12B of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended (U. S. C., Supp. VII, title 12, sec. 264), is amended to read as follows:

"SEC. 12B. (a) There is hereby created a Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Corporation’) which shall insure, as hereinafter provided, the deposits of all banks which are entitled to the benefits of insurance under this section, and which shall have the powers hereinafter granted.

"(b) The management of the Corporation shall be vested in a board of directors consisting of three members, one of whom shall be the Comptroller of the Currency, and two of whom shall be citizens of the United States to be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. One of the appointive members shall be the chairman of the board of directors of the Corporation and not more than two of the members of such board of directors shall be members of the same political party. Each such appointive member shall hold office for a term of six years and shall receive compensation at the rate of $10,000 per annum, payable monthly out of the funds of the Corporation, but the Comptroller of the Currency shall not receive additional compensation for his services as such member. In the event of a vacancy in the office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and pending the appointment of his successor, or during the absence of the Comptroller from Washington, the Acting Comptroller of the Currency shall be a member of the board of directors in the place and stead of the Comptroller. In the event of a vacancy in the office of the chairman of the board of directors, and pending the appointment of his successor, the Comptroller of the Currency shall act as chairman. The Comptroller of the Currency shall be ineligible during the time he is in office and for two years thereafter to hold any office, position, or employment in any insured bank. The appointive members of the board of directors shall be ineligible during the time they are in office and for two years thereafter to hold any office, position, or employment in any insured bank, except that this restriction shall not apply to any appointive member who has served the full term for which he was appointed. No member of the board of directors shall be an officer or director of any bank, banking institution, trust company, or Federal Reserve bank or hold stock in any bank, banking institu-