United States court. The board of directors shall designate an agent upon whom service of process may be made in any State, Territory, or jurisdiction in which any insured bank is located.

"Fifth. To appoint by its board of directors such officers and employees as are not otherwise provided for in this section, to define their duties, fix their compensation, require bonds of them and fix the penalty thereof, and to dismiss at pleasure such officers or employees. Nothing in this or any other Act shall be construed to prevent the appointment and compensation as an officer or employee of the Corporation of any officer or employee of the United States in any board, commission, independent establishment, or executive department thereof.

"Sixth. To prescribe by its board of directors, bylaws not inconsistent with law, regulating the manner in which its general business may be conducted, and the privileges granted to it by law may be exercised and enjoyed.

"Seventh. To exercise by its board of directors, or duly authorized officers or agents, all powers specifically granted by the provisions of this section and such incidental powers as shall be necessary to carry out the powers so granted.

"Eighth. To make examinations of and to require information and reports from banks, as provided in this section.

"Ninth. To act as receiver.

"Tenth. To prescribe by its board of directors such rules and regulations as it may deem necessary to carry out the provisions of this section.

"(k) (1) The board of directors shall administer the affairs of the Corporation fairly and impartially and without discrimination. The board of directors of the Corporation shall determine and prescribe the manner in which its obligations shall be incurred and its expenses allowed and paid. The Corporation shall be entitled to the free use of the United States mails in the same manner as the executive departments of the Government. The Corporation with the consent of any Federal Reserve bank or of any board, commission, independent establishment, or executive department of the Government, including any field service thereof, may avail itself of the use of information, services, and facilities thereof in carrying out the provisions of this section.

"(2) The board of directors shall appoint examiners who shall have power, on behalf of the Corporation, to examine any insured State nonmember bank (except a District bank), any State nonmember bank making application to become an insured bank, and any closed insured bank, whenever in the judgment of the board of directors an examination of the bank is necessary. Such examiners shall have like power to examine, with the written consent of the Comptroller of the Currency, any national bank or District bank, and, with the written consent of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, any State member bank. Each such examiner shall have power to make a thorough examination of all the affairs of the bank and in doing so he shall have power to administer oaths and to examine and take and preserve the testimony of any of the officers and agents thereof, and shall make a full and detailed report of the condition of the bank to the Corporation. The board of directors in