10

without notice or other action by the board of directors, terminate on the date the bank shall cease to be a member of the Federal Reserve System, with like effect as if its insured status had been terminated on said date by the board of directors after proceedings under paragraph (1) of this subsection.

“(3) If any nonmember bank which becomes an insured bank under the provisions of paragraph (1) of subsection (f) of this section shall elect, within thirty days after the effective date, not to continue as an insured bank, and shall within such period give written notice to the Corporation of its election, in accordance with regulations to be prescribed by the board of directors, and to the Reconstruction Finance Corporation if it owns or holds as pledgee any preferred stock, capital notes, or debentures of such bank, it shall cease to be an insured bank and cease to be subject to the provisions of this section and the rights of the bank (including its right to any refund) shall be as provided by law existing prior to the effective date. The board of directors shall cause notice of termination of insurance to be given to the depositors of such bank by publication or otherwise as the board of directors may determine, and the deposits in such bank shall continue to be insured for twenty days beyond such thirty day period.

“(4) Whenever the liabilities of an insured bank for deposits shall have been assumed by another insured bank or banks, the insured status of the bank whose liabilities are so assumed shall terminate on the date of receipt by the Corporation of satisfactory evidence of such assumption with like effect as if its insured status had been terminated on said date by the board of directors after proceedings under paragraph (1) of this subsection: Provided, That if the bank whose liabilities are so assumed gives to its depositors notice of such assumption within thirty days after such assumption takes effect, by publication or by any reasonable means, in accordance with regulations to be prescribed by the board of directors, the insurance of its deposits shall terminate at the end of six months from the date such assumption takes effect, and such bank shall thereupon be relieved of all future obligations to the Corporation, including the obligation to pay future assessments.

“(i) Upon the date of enactment of the Banking Act of 1933, the Corporation shall become a body corporate and as such shall have power—
“First. To adopt and use a corporate seal.
“Second. To have succession until dissolved by an Act of Congress.
“Third. To make contracts.
“Fourth. To sue and be sued, complain and defend, in any court of law or equity, State or Federal. All suits of a civil nature at common law or in equity to which the Corporation shall be a party shall be deemed to arise under the laws of the United States: Provided, That any such suit to which the Corporation is a party in its capacity as receiver of a State bank and which involves only the rights or obligations of depositors, creditors, stockholders and such State bank under State law shall not be deemed to arise under the laws of the United States. No attachment or execution shall be issued against the Corporation or its property before final judgment in any suit, action, or proceeding in any State, county, municipal, or