38

agent, depositary, or in any other fiduciary capacity, except where such shares are held for the benefit of all or a majority of the stockholders of such member bank; but as to any such affiliate, member banks shall continue to be subject to other provisions of law applicable to loans by such banks and investments by such banks in stocks, bonds, debentures, or other such obligations. The provisions of this section shall likewise not apply to indebtedness of any affiliate for unpaid balances due a bank on assets purchased from such bank or to loans secured by, or extensions of credit against, obligations of the United States or obligations fully guaranteed by the United States as to principal and interest."

SEC. 328. Section 24 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new paragraph:

"Loans made to established industrial or commercial businesses (a) which are in whole or in part discounted or purchased or loaned against as security by a Federal Reserve bank under the provisions of section 13b of this Act, (b) for any part of which a commitment shall have been made by a Federal Reserve bank under the provisions of said section, (c) in the making of which a Federal Reserve bank participates under the provisions of said section, or (d) in which the Reconstruction Finance Corporation cooperates or purchases a participation under the provisions of section 5d of the Reconstruction Finance Corporation Act, shall not be subject to the restrictions or limitations of this section upon loans secured by real estate."

SEC. 329. Section 25 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, is further amended by striking out the last paragraph of such section; the paragraph of section 25(a) of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, which commences with the words "A majority of the shares of the capital stock of any such corporation" is amended by striking out all of said paragraph except the first sentence thereof; and the Act entitled "An Act to supplement existing laws against unlawful restraints and monopolies, and for other purposes" (38 Stat. 730), approved October 15, 1014, as amended, is further amended (a) by striking out section 8A thereof and (b) by substituting for the first three paragraphs of section 8 thereof the following:

"SEC. 8. No private banker or director, officer, or employee of any member bank of the Federal Reserve System or any branch thereof shall be at the same time a director, officer, or employee of any other bank, banking association, savings bank, or trust company organized under the National Bank Act or organized under the laws of any State or of the District of Columbia, or any branch thereof, except that the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System may by regulation permit such service as a director, officer, or employee of not more than one other such institution or branch thereof; but the foregoing prohibition shall not apply in the case of any one or more of the following or any branch thereof:

"(1) A bank, banking association, savings bank, or trust company, more than 90 per centum of the stock of which is owned directly or indirectly by the United States or by any corporation of which the United States directly or indirectly owns more than 90 per centum of the stock.

"(2) A bank, banking association, savings bank, or trust company which has been placed formally in liquidation or which is in the