[Pub. 305.]                                   17

respect to the insured deposit, and against the new bank and such other insured bank with respect to the transferred deposit, shall be barred, and all rights of the depositor against the closed bank and its shareholders, or the receivership estate to which the Corporation may have become subrogated, shall thereupon revert to the depositor. The amount of any transferred deposits not claimed within such eighteen months’ period, shall be refunded to the Corporation.

“(n) (1) Money of the Corporation not otherwise employed shall be invested in obligations of the United States or in obligations guaranteed as to principal and interest by the United States, except that for temporary periods, in the discretion of the board of directors, funds of the Corporation may be deposited in any Federal Reserve bank or with the Treasurer of the United States. When designated for that purpose by the Secretary of the Treasury, the Corporation shall be a depositary of public moneys, except receipts from customs, under such regulations as may be prescribed by the said Secretary, and may also be employed as a financial agent of the Government. It shall perform all such reasonable duties as depositary of public moneys and financial agent of the Government as may be required of it.

“(2) Nothing contained in this section shall be construed to prevent the Corporation from making loans to national banks closed by action of the Comptroller of the Currency, or by vote of their directors, or to State member banks closed by action of the appropriate State authorities, or by vote of their directors, or from entering into negotiations to secure the reopening of such banks.

“(3) Receivers or liquidators of insured banks closed on account of inability to meet the demands of their depositors shall be entitled to offer the assets of such banks for sale to the Corporation or as security for loans from the Corporation, upon receiving permission from the appropriate State authority in accordance with express provisions of State law in the case of insured State banks, or from the Comptroller of the Currency in the case of national banks or District banks. The proceeds of every such sale or loan shall be utilized for the same purposes and in the same manner as other funds realized from the liquidation of the assets of such banks. The Comptroller of the Currency may, in his discretion, pay dividends on proved claims at any time after the expiration of the period of advertisement made pursuant to section 5235 of the Revised Statutes (U. S. C., title 12, sec. 193), and no liability shall attach to the Comptroller of the Currency or to the receiver of any national bank by reason of any such payment for failure to pay dividends to a claimant whose claim is not proved at the time of any such payment. The Corporation, in its discretion, may make loans on the security of or may purchase and liquidate or sell any part of the assets of an insured bank which is now or may hereafter be closed on account of inability to meet the demands of its depositors, but in any case in which the Corporation is acting as receiver of a closed insured bank, no such loan or purchase shall be made without the approval of a court of competent jurisdiction.

“(4) Until July 1, 1936, whenever in the judgment of the board of directors such action will reduce the risk or avert a threatened loss to the Corporation and will facilitate a merger or consolidation of an

Digitized for FRASER
http://fraser.stlouisfed.org/
Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis