tion, or trust company; and before entering upon his duties as a member of the board of directors he shall certify under oath that he has complied with this requirement and such certification shall be filed with the secretary of the board of directors. No member of the board of directors serving on the board of directors on the effective date shall be subject to any of the provisions of the three preceding sentences until the expiration of his present term of office.

"(c) As used in this section- 
"(1) The term ‘State bank’ means any bank, banking association, trust company, savings bank, or other banking institution which is engaged in the business of receiving deposits and which is incorporated under the laws of any State, Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico, or the Virgin Islands, or which is operated under the Code of Law for the District of Columbia (except a national bank), and includes any unincoorporated bank the deposits of which are insured on the effective date under the provisions of this section.

“(2) The term ‘State member bank’ means any State bank which is a member of the Federal Reserve System, and the term ‘State nonmember bank’ means any State bank which is not a member of the Federal Reserve System.

“(3) The term ‘District bank’ means any State bank operating under the Code of Law for the District of Columbia.

“(4) The term ‘national member bank’ means any national bank located in any of the States of the United States, the District of Columbia, Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico, or the Virgin Islands which is a member of the Federal Reserve System.

“(6) The term ‘national nonmember bank’ means any national bank located in Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico, or the Virgin Islands which is not a member of the Federal Reserve System.

“(6) The term ‘mutual savings bank’ means a bank without capital stock transacting a savings bank business, the net earnings of which inure wholly to the benefit of its depositors after payment of obligations for any advances by its organizers.

“(7) The term ‘savings bank’ means a bank (other than a mutual savings bank) which transacts its ordinary banking business strictly as a savings bank under State laws imposing special requirements on such banks governing the manner of investing their funds and of conducting their business: Provided, That the bank maintains, until maturity date or until withdrawn, all deposits made with it (other than funds held by it in a fiduciary capacity) as time savings deposits of the specific term type or of the type where the right is reserved to the bank to require written notice before permitting withdrawal: Provided further, That such bank to be considered a savings bank must elect to become subject to regulations of the Corporation with respect to the redeposit of maturing deposits and prohibiting withdrawal of deposits by checking except in cases where such withdrawal is permitted by law on the effective date from specifically designated deposit accounts totaling not more than 15 per centum of the bank’s total deposits.

“(8) The term ‘insured bank’ means any bank the deposits of which are insured in accordance with the provisions of this section; and the term ‘noninsured bank’ means any bank the deposits of which are not so insured.

Digitized for FRASER
http://fraser.stlouisfed.org/
Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis