[Pub. 305.]
                                   41

Sec. 333. The Act entitled "An Act to provide punishment for
certain offenses committed against banks organized or operating
under laws of the United States or any member of the Federal
Reserve System", approved May 18, 1934 (48 Stat. 783), is amended
by striking out the period after "United States" in the first section
thereof and inserting the following: "and any insured bank as
defined in subsection (c) of section 12B of the Federal Reserve Act,
as amended."

Sec. 334. Section 5143 of the Revised Statutes, as amended, is
hereby amended by striking out everything following the words
"Comptroller of the Currency", where such words last appear in
such section, and substituting the following: "and no shareholder
shall be entitled to any distribution of cash or other assets by reason
of any reduction of the common capital of any association unless such
distribution shall have been approved by the Comptroller of the Cur­
rency and by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the shares
of each class of stock outstanding, voting as classes."

Sec. 335. Section 5139 of the Revised Statutes, as amended, is
amended by adding at the end of the first paragraph the following
new paragraph:
"Certificates hereafter issued representing shares of stock of the
association shall state (1) the name and location of the association,
(2) the name of the holder of record of the stock represented thereby,
(3) the number and class of shares which the certificate represents,
and (4) if the association shall issue stock of more than one class,
the respective rights, preferences, privileges, voting rights, powers,
restrictions, limitations, and qualifications of each class of stock
issued shall be stated in full or in summary upon the front or back
of the certificates or shall be incorporated by a reference to the
articles of association set forth on the front of the certificates. Every
certificate shall be signed by the president and the cashier of the
association, or by such other officers as the bylaws of the association
shall provide, and shall be sealed with the seal of the association."

Sec. 336. The last sentence of section 301 of the Emergency Bank­
ing and Bank Conservation Act, approved March 9, 1933, as amended,
is amended to read as follows: "No issue of preferred stock shall be
valid until the par value of all stock so issued shall be paid in and
notice thereof, duly acknowledged before a notary public by the
president, vice president, or cashier of said association, has been
transmitted to the Comptroller of the Currency and his certificate
obtained specifying the amount of such issue of preferred stock and
his approval thereof and that the amount has been duly paid in as a
part of the capital of such association; which certificate shall be
deemed to be conclusive evidence that such preferred stock has been
duly and validly issued."

Sec. 337. The additional liability imposed by section 4 of the Act
of March 4, 1933, as amended (D. C. Code, Supp. I, title 5, sec. 300a),
upon the shareholders of savings banks, savings companies, and
banking institutions and the additional liability imposed by section
734 of the Act of March 3, 1901 (D. C. Code, title 5, sec. 361), upon
the shareholders of trust companies, shall cease to apply on July 1,
1937, with respect to such savings banks, savings companies, banking
institutions, and trust companies which shall be transacting business