[Pub. 305.]
23
and fix the penalty thereof, and to dismiss at pleasure such officers or employees. The president shall be the chief executive officer of the bank and shall be appointed by the board of directors, with the approval of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, for a term of five years; and all other executive officers and all employees of the bank shall be directly responsible to him. The first vice president of the bank shall be appointed in the same manner and for the same term as the president, and shall, in the absence or disability of the president or during a vacancy in the office of president, serve as chief executive officer of the bank. Whenever a vacancy shall occur in the office of the president or the first vice president, it shall be filled in the manner provided for original appointments; and the person so appointed shall hold office until the expiration of the term of his predecessor."

Sec. 202. Section 9 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, is amended by inserting after the tenth paragraph thereof the following new paragraph:

"In order to facilitate the admission to membership in the Federal Reserve System of any State bank which is required under subsection (y) of section 12B of this Act to become a member of the Federal Reserve System in order to be an insured bank or continue to have any part of its deposits insured under such section 12B, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System may waive in whole or in part the requirements of this section relating to the admission of such bank to membership: Provided, That, if such bank is admitted with a capital less than that required for the organization of a national bank in the same place and its capital and surplus are not, in the judgment of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, adequate in relation to its liabilities to depositors and other creditors, the said Board may, in its discretion, require such bank to increase its capital and surplus to such amount as the Board may deem necessary within such period prescribed by the Board as in its judgment shall be reasonable in view of all the circumstances: Provided, however, That no such bank shall be required to increase its capital to an amount in excess of that required for the organization of a national bank in the same place."

Sec. 203. (a) Hereafter the Federal Reserve Board shall be known as the "Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System", and the governor and the vice governor of the Federal Reserve Board shall be known as the "chairman" and the "vice chairman", respectively, of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

(b) The first two paragraphs of section 10 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, are amended to read as follows:

"Sec. 10. The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (hereinafter referred to as the "Board") shall be composed of seven members, to be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, after the date of enactment of the Banking Act of 1935, for terms of fourteen years except as hereinafter provided, but each appointive member of the Federal Reserve Board in office on such date shall continue to serve as a member of the Board until February 1, 1936, and the Secretary of the Treasury and the Comptroller of the Currency shall continue to serve as members of the Board until February 1, 1936. In selecting the members of the

20366 O-58--47

Digitized for FRASER
http://fraser.stlouisfed.org/
Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis