[PUB. 305.]
31
March 9, 1933, as amended, (2) in the election of directors, shares of its own stock held by a national bank as sole trustee, whether registered in its own name as such trustee or in the name of its nominee, shall not be voted by the registered owner unless under the terms of the trust the manner in which such shares shall be voted may be determined by a donor or beneficiary of the trust and unless such donor or beneficiary actually directs how such shares shall be voted, (3) shares of its own stock held by a national bank and one or more persons as trustees may be voted by such other person or persons, as trustees, in the same manner as if he or they were the sole trustee, and (4) shares controlled by any holding company affiliate of a national bank shall not be voted unless such holding company affiliate shall have first obtained a voting permit as hereinafter provided, which permit is in force at the time such shares are voted, but such holding company affiliate may, without obtaining such permit, vote in favor of placing the association in voluntary liquidation or taking any other action pertaining to the voluntary liquidation of such association. Shareholders may vote by proxies duly authorized in writing; but no officer, clerk, teller, or bookkeeper of such bank shall act as proxy; and no shareholder whose liability is past due and unpaid shall be allowed to vote. Whenever shares of stock cannot be voted by reason of being held by the bank as sole trustee, such shares shall be excluded in determining whether matters voted upon by the shareholders were adopted by the requisite percentage of shares."
(b) The first sentence of the third paragraph of such section 5144 is amended to read: "Any such holding company affiliate may make application to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for a voting permit entitling it to vote the stock controlled by it at any or all meetings of shareholders of such bank or authorizing the trustee or trustees holding the stock for its benefit or for the benefit of its shareholders so to vote the same."
(c) Section 5144 of the Revised Statutes, as amended, is further amended by adding at the end of subsection (c) thereof the following: "and the provisions of this subsection, instead of subsection (b), shall apply to all holding company affiliates with respect to any shares of bank stock owned or controlled by them as to which there is no statutory liability imposed upon the holders of such bank stock;"

SEC. 312. Section 5154 of the Revised Statutes, as amended (U. S. C, title 12, sec. 35), is amended by adding at the end thereof the following paragraph:
"The Comptroller of the Currency may, in his discretion and subject to such conditions as he may prescribe, permit such converting bank to retain and carry at a value determined by the Comptroller such of the assets of such converting bank as do not conform to the legal requirements relative to assets acquired and held by national banking associations."

SEC. 313. Section 5162 of the Revised Statutes (U. S. C, title 12, sec. 170) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following paragraph:
"The Comptroller of the Currency may designate one or more persons to countersign in his name and on his behalf such assignments or transfers of bonds as require his countersignature."