28

State, Territory, or District where such business is carried on and shall make and publish periodic reports of its condition, exhibiting in detail its resources and liabilities, such examination and reports to be made and published at the same times and in the same manner and under the same conditions as required by the law of such State, Territory, or District in the case of incorporated banking institutions engaged in such business in the same locality."

SEC. 304. Section 22 of the Banking Act of 1933, as amended, is amended by adding at the end thereof the following sentences: "Such additional liability shall cease on July 1, 1937, with respect to all shares issued by any association which shall be transacting the business of banking on July 1, 1937: Provided, That not less than six months prior to such date, such association shall have caused notice of such prospective termination of liability to be published in a newspaper published in the city, town, or county in which such association is located, and if no newspaper is published in such city, town, or county, then in a newspaper of general circulation therein. If the association fail to give such notice as and when above provided, a termination of such additional liability may thereafter be accomplished as of the date six month ยน subsequent to publication, in the manner above provided."

SEC. 305. Paragraph (c) of section 5155 of the Revised Statutes, as amended (U. S. C., Supp. VII, title 12, sec. 36), is amended (1) by inserting after the first sentence thereof the following new sentence: "In any State in which State banks are permitted by statute law to maintain branches within county or greater limits, if no bank is located and doing business in the place where the proposed agency is to be located, any national banking association situated in such State may, with the approval of the Comptroller of the Currency, establish and operate, without regard to the capital requirements of this section, a seasonal agency in any resort community within the limits of the county in which the main office of such association is located, for the purpose of receiving and paying out deposits, issuing and cashing checks and drafts, and doing business incident thereto: Provided, That any permit issued under this sentence shall be revoked upon the opening of a State or national bank in such community."; and (2) by striking out the first word in the last sentence of such paragraph (c) and inserting in lieu thereof the following: "Except as provided in the immediately preceding sentence, no".

SEC. 306. Section 4 of the Act entitled "An Act to amend section 12B of the Federal Reserve Act so as to extend for one year the temporary plan for deposit insurance, and for other purposes", approved June 16, 1934 (48 Stat. 969), is amended to read as follows:

"SEC.4. So much of section 31 of the Banking amended, as relates to stock ownership by directors, trustees, or members of similar governing bodies of any national banking association, or of any State bank or trust company which is a member of the Federal Reserve System, is hereby repealed."

SEC. 307. Effective January 1, 1936, section 32 of the Banking Act of 1933, as amended, is amended to read as follows:

"SEC. 32. No officer, director, or employee of any corporation or unincorporated association, no partner or employee of any partnership, and no individual, primarily engaged in the issue, flotation, underwriting, public sale, or distribution, at wholesale or retail, or