30 [Pub. 305.]

such period may then properly be carried to surplus. In any such case the converted State bank shall be obligated to transfer to surplus the amount so paid into such retirement fund for such period on account of the preferred stock as such stock is retired."
Sec. 310. (a) The last paragraph of section 5139 of the Revised Statutes, as amended (U. S. C, Supp. VII, title 12, sec. 52), is amended to read as follows:
"After the date of the enactment of the Banking Act of 1935, no certificate evidencing the stock of any such association shall bear any statement purporting to represent the stock of any other corporation, except a member bank or a corporation engaged on June 16, 1934 in holding the bank premises of such association, nor shall the ownership, sale, or transfer of any certificate representing the stock of any such association be conditioned in any manner whatsoever upon the ownership, sale, or transfer of a certificate representing the stock of any other corporation, except a member bank or a corporation engaged on June 16, 1934 in holding the bank premises of such association: Provided, That this section shall not operate to prevent the ownership, sale, or transfer of stock of any other corporation being conditioned upon the ownership, sale, or transfer of a certificate representing stock of a national banking association."
(b) The nineteenth paragraph of section 9 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, is amended to read as follows:
"After the date of the enactment of the Banking Act of 1935, no certificate evidencing the stock of any State member bank shall bear any statement purporting to represent the stock of any other corporation, except a member bank or a corporation engaged on June 16, 1934 in holding the bank premises of such member bank, nor shall the ownership, sale, or transfer of any certificate representing the stock of any State member bank be conditioned in any manner what-soever upon the ownership, sale, or transfer of a certificate representing the stock of any other corporation, except a member bank or a corporation engaged on June 16, 1934 in holding the bank premises of such member bank: Provided, That this section shall not operate to prevent the ownership, sale, or transfer of stock of any other corporation being conditioned upon the ownership, sale, or transfer of a certificate representing stock of a State member bank."
Sec. 311. (a) The first paragraph of section 5144 of the Revised Statutes, as amended (U. S. C, Supp. VII, title 12, sec. 61), is amended to read as follows:
"Sec. 5144. In all elections of directors, each shareholder shall have the right to vote the number of shares owned by him for as many persons as there are directors to be elected, or to cumulate such shares and give one candidate as many votes as the number of directors multiplied by the number of his shares shall equal, or to distribute them on the same principle among as many candidates as he shall think fit; and in deciding all other questions at meetings of shareholders, each shareholder shall be entitled to one vote on each share of stock held by him; except that (1) this shall not be construed as limiting the voting rights of holders of preferred stock under the terms and provisions of articles of association, or amendments thereto, adopted pursuant to the provisions of section 302 (a) of the Emergency Banking and Bank Conservation Act, approved