[Pub. 305.]

43

758; Supp. VII, title 39, sec. 758), is amended by striking out the first sentence thereof and inserting in lieu thereof the following: "Notwithstanding any other provision of law, (1) each deposit in a postal savings depository office shall be a savings deposit, and interest thereon shall be allowed and entered to the credit of the depositor once for each quarter beginning with the first day of the month following the date of such deposit, but no interest shall be allowed to any such depositor with respect to the whole or any part of the funds to his or her credit for any period of less than three months; (2) no interest shall be paid on any such deposit at a rate in excess of that which may lawfully be paid on savings deposits under regulations prescribed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System pursuant to the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, for member banks of the Federal Reserve System located in or nearest to the place where such depository office is situated; and (3) postal savings depositories may deposit funds on time in member banks of the Federal Reserve System subject to the provisions of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, and the regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, with respect to the payment of time deposits and interest thereon."

Sec. 342. The last sentence of the third paragraph of subsection (k) of section 11 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended (U.S.C., title 12, sec. 248 (k)), is amended to read as follows: "The State banking authorities may have access to reports of examination made by the Comptroller of the Currency insofar as such reports relate to the trust department of such bank, but nothing in this Act shall be construed as authorizing the State banking authorities to examine the books, records, and assets of such bank."

Sec. 343. The first sentence after the third proviso of section 5240 of the Revised Statutes, as amended (U. S. C., Supp. VII, title 12, secs. 481 and 482), is amended by striking out the word "is" after the words "whose compensation" and inserting in lieu thereof a comma and the following: "including retirement annuities to be fixed by the Comptroller of the Currency, is and shall be "; and such section 5240 is further amended by striking out "The Federal Reserve Board, upon the recommendation of the Comptroller of the Currency," and inserting in lieu thereof "The Comptroller of the Currency."

Sec. 344. (a) Section 1 of the National Housing Act is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new sentence: "The Administrator shall, in carrying out the provisions of this title and titles II and III, be authorized, in his official capacity, to sue and be sued in any court of competent jurisdiction, State or Federal."
(b) The first sentence of section 2 of the National Housing Act, as amended, is further amended by striking out the words "including the installation of equipment and machinery" and inserting in lieu thereof the words "and the purchase and installation of equipment and machinery on real property".
(c) Subsection (a) of section 203 of the National Housing Act is amended by inserting the words "property and" before the word "projects" in clause (1) of such subsection.
(d) The last sentence of section 207 of the National Housing Act is amended by inserting the words "property or" before the word "project".