"(10) Upon the organization of a new bank, the Corporation shall promptly make available to it an amount equal to the estimated insured deposits of such closed bank plus the estimated amount of the expenses of operating the new bank, and shall determine as soon as possible the amount due each depositor for his insured deposit in the closed bank, and the total expenses of operation of the new bank. Upon such determination, the amounts so estimated and made available shall be adjusted to conform to the amounts so determined. Earnings of the new bank shall be paid over or credited to the Corporation in such adjustment. If any new bank, during the period it continues its status as such, sustains any losses with respect to which it is not effectively protected except by reason of being an insured bank, the Corporation shall furnish to it additional funds in the amount of such losses. The new bank shall assume as transferred deposits the payment of the insured deposits of such closed bank to each of it 1 depositors. Of the amounts so made available, the Corporation shall transfer to the new bank, in cash, such sums as may be necessary to enable it to meet its expenses of operation and immediate cash demands on such transferred deposits, and the remainder of such amounts shall be subject to withdrawal by the new bank on demand.
(11) Whenever in the judgment of the board of directors it is desirable to do so, the Corporation shall cause capital stock of the new bank to be offered for sale on such terms and conditions as the board of directors shall deem advisable in an amount sufficient, in the opinion of the board of directors, to make possible the conduct of the business of the new bank on a sound basis, but in no event less than that required by section 5138 of the Revised Statutes, as amended (U. S. C., Supp. VII, title 12, sec. 5 1 ), for the organization of a national bank in the place where such new bank is located. The stockholders of the closed insured bank shall be given the first opportunity to purchase any shares of common stock so offered. Upon proof that an adequate amount of capital stock in the new bank has been subscribed and paid for in cash, the Comptroller of the Currency shall require the articles of association and the organization certificate to be amended to conform to the requirements for the organization of a national bank, and thereafter, when the requirements of law with respect to the organization of a national bank have been complied with, he shall issue to the bank a certificate of authority to commence business, and thereupon the bank shall cease to have the status of a new bank, shall be managed by directors elected by its own shareholders and may exercise all the powers granted by law, and it shall be subject to all the provisions of law relating to national banks. Such bank shall thereafter be an insured national bank, without certification to or approval by the Corporation.
(12) If the capital stock of the new bank is not offered for sale, or if an adequate amount of capital for such new bank is not subscribed and paid for, the board of directors may offer to transfer its business to any insured bank in the same community which will take over its assets, assume its liabilities, and pay to the Corporation for such business such amount as the board of directors may deem adequate; or the board of directors in its discretion may change the location of the new bank to the office of the Corporation or to some other place or may at any time wind up its affairs as herein provided."