[ PUB. 305.]
                                                               33

majority of the stock, remove the liquidating agent or committees.
The Comptroller of the Currency is authorized to have an examina-
tion made at any time into the affairs of the liquidating bank until
the claims of all creditors have been satisfied, and the expense of
making such examinations shall be assessed against such bank in the
same manner as in the case of examinations made pursuant to section
5240 of the Revised Statutes, as amended (U. S. C., title 12, secs. 484,
485; Supp. VII, title 12, secs. 481-483).”
   SEC. 318. Section 5243 of the Revised Statutes (U. S. C., title 12,
sec. 583) is amended by striking out the semicolon therein and all
that precedes it and substituting the following: 
   “Sec. 5243. The use of the word ‘national’, the word ‘Federal’ 
or the words ‘United States’, separately, in any combination thereof,
or in combination with other words or syllables, as part of the name
or title used by any person, corporation, firm, partnership, business
trust, association or other business entity, doing the business of
bankers, brokers, or trust or savings institutions is prohibited except
where such institution is organized under the laws of the United
States, or is otherwise permitted by the laws of the United States to
use such name or title, or is lawfully using such name or title on the
date when this section, as amended, takes effect;”.
   SEC. 319. (al) Section 5 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended,
is amended by striking out the last three sentences thereof and
inserting in lieu thereof the following: “When a member bank
reduces its capital stock or surplus it shall surrender a proportionate
amount of its holdings in the capital stock of said Federal Reserve
bank. Any member bank which holds capital stock of a Federal
Reserve bank in excess of the amount required on the basis of 6 per
centum of its paid-up capital stock and surplus shall surrender such
excess stock. When a member bank voluntarily liquidates it shall
surrender all of its holdings of the capital stock of said Federal
Reserve bank and be released from its stock subscription not pre-
viously called. In any such case the shares surrendered shall be
canceled and the member bank shall receive in payment therefor,
under regulations to be prescribed by the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System, a sum equal to its cash-paid subscriptions
on the shares surrendered and one-half of 1 per centum a month
from the period of the last dividend, not to exceed the book value
thereof, less any liability of such member bank to the Federal Reserve
bank.”
   (b) Section 6 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, is amended
by striking out the last paragraph thereof.
   SEC. 320. The fifth paragraph of section 9 of the Federal Reserve
Act, as amended, is amended by adding at the end thereof the fol-
lowing sentence: “Such reports of condition shall be in such form
and shall contain such information as the Board of Governors of
the Federal Reserve System may require and shall be published by
the reporting banks in such manner and in accordance with such
regulations as the said Board may prescribe.”
   SEC. 321. (a) The first sentence of paragraph (m) of section 11
of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, is amended by inserting
before the period at the end thereof a colon and the following:
“Provided, That with respect to loans represented by obligations in
the form of notes secured by not less than a like amount of bonds