hands of a receiver, conservator, or other official exercising similar
functions.

"(3) A corporation, principally engaged in international or foreign 
banking or banking in a dependency or insular possession of the 
United States which has entered into an agreement with the Board 
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System pursuant to section 25 
of the Federal Reserve Act.

"(4) A bank, banking association, savings bank, or trust company, 
more than 50 per centum of the common stock of which is owned 
directly or indirectly by persons who own directly or indirectly 
more than 50 per centum of the common stock of such member bank.

"(5) A bank, banking association, savings bank, or trust company 
not located and having no branch in the same city, town, or village 
as that in which such member bank or any branch thereof is located, 
or in any city, town, or village contiguous or adjacent thereto.

"(6) A bank, banking association, savings bank, or trust company 
not engaged in a class or classes of business in which such member 
bank is engaged.

"(7) A mutual savings bank having no capital stock.

"Until February 1, 1939, nothing in this section shall prohibit any 
director, officer, or employee of any member bank of the Federal 
Reserve System, or any branch thereof, who is lawfully serving at 
the same time as a private banker or as a director, officer, or employee 
of any other bank, banking association, savings bank, or trust com- 
pany, or any branch thereof, on the date of enactment of the Banking 
Act of 1935, from continuing such service.

"The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System is 
authorized and directed to enforce compliance with this section, and 
to prescribe such rules and regulations as it deems necessary for that 
purpose."

Sec. 830. (a) Section 1 of the Act of November 7, 1918, as amended 
(U.S.C., title 12, sec. 33; Supp. VII, title 12, sec. 33), is amended 
by striking out the second proviso down to and including the words 
"to be ascertained" and inserting in lieu thereof the following: 
"And provided further, That if such consolidation shall be voted for 
at said meetings by the necessary majorities of the shareholders of 
each of the associations proposing to consolidate, any shareholder of 
any of the associations so consolidated, who has voted against such 
consolidation at the meeting of the association of which he is a 
shareholder or has given notice in writing at or prior to such meeting 
to the presiding officer that he dissents from the plan of consolida- 
tion, shall be entitled to receive the value of the shares so held by him 
if and when said consolidation shall be approved by the Comptroller 
of the Currency, such value to be ascertained as of the date of the 
Comptroller's approval".

(b) Such section I is further amended by adding at the end thereof 
the following paragraphs:
"Publication of notice and notification by registered mail of the 
meeting provided for in the foregoing paragraph may be waived by 
unanimous action of the shareholders of the respective associations. 
Where a dissenting shareholder has given notice as above provided 
to the association of which he is a shareholder of his dissent from the 
plan of consolidation, and the directors thereof fail for more than