PUBLIC LAW 107–204—JULY 30, 2002

a particular class, as applicable) in an amount equal to the total of such amount, multiplied by a fraction—
(1) the numerator of which is the average monthly equity market capitalization of the issuer for the 12-month period immediately preceding the beginning of the fiscal year to which such budget relates; and
(2) the denominator of which is the average monthly equity market capitalization of all such issuers for such 12-month period.
(h) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.—Section 13(b)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(b)(2)) is amended—
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘; and
‘‘(C) notwithstanding any other provision of law, pay the allocable share of such issuer of a reasonable annual accounting support fee or fees, determined in accordance with section 109 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.’’.
(i) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this section shall be construed to render either the Board, the standard setting body referred to in subsection (a), or both, subject to procedures in Congress to authorize or appropriate public funds, or to prevent such organization from utilizing additional sources of revenue for its activities, such as earnings from publication sales, provided that each additional source of revenue shall not jeopardize, in the judgment of the Commission, the actual and perceived independence of such organization.
(j) START-UP EXPENSES OF THE BOARD.—From the unexpended balances of the appropriations to the Commission for fiscal year 2003, the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to advance to the Board not to exceed the amount necessary to cover the expenses of the Board during its first fiscal year (which may be a short fiscal year).

TITLE II—AUDITOR INDEPENDENCE

SEC. 201. SERVICES OUTSIDE THE SCOPE OF PRACTICE OF AUDITORS.
(a) PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES.—Section 10A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78j–1) is amended by adding at the end the following:
‘‘(g) PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES.—Except as provided in subsection (h), it shall be unlawful for a registered public accounting firm (and any associated person of that firm, to the extent determined appropriate by the Commission) that performs for any issuer any audit required by this title or the rules of the Commission under this title or, beginning 180 days after the date of commencement of the operations of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board established under section 101 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (in this section referred to as the ‘Board’), the rules of the Board, to provide to that issuer, contemporaneously with the audit, any non-audit service, including—
‘‘(1) bookkeeping or other services related to the accounting records or financial statements of the audit client;
‘‘(2) financial information systems design and implementation;

116 STAT. 772          PUBLIC LAW 107–204—JULY 30, 2002

‘‘(3) appraisal or valuation services, fairness opinions, or contribution-in-kind reports;
‘‘(4) actuarial services;
‘‘(5) internal audit outsourcing services;
‘‘(6) management functions or human resources;
‘‘(7) broker or dealer, investment adviser, or investment banking services;
‘‘(8) legal services and expert services unrelated to the audit; and
‘‘(9) any other service that the Board determines, by regulation, is impermissible.
‘‘(h) PREAPPROVAL REQUIRED FOR NON-AUDIT SERVICES.—A registered public accounting firm may engage in any non-audit service, including tax services, that is not described in any of paragraphs (1) through (9) of subsection (g) for an audit client, only if the activity is approved in advance by the audit committee of the issuer, in accordance with subsection (i).’’.

(b) EXEMPTION AUTHORITY.—The Board may, on a case by case basis, exempt any person, issuer, public accounting firm, or transaction from the prohibition on the provision of services under section 10A(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as added by this section), to the extent that such exemption is necessary or appropriate in the public interest and is consistent with the protection of investors, and subject to review by the Commission in the same manner as for rules of the Board under section 107.

SEC. 202. PREAPPROVAL REQUIREMENTS.
Section 10A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78j–1), as amended by this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following:
‘‘(i) PREAPPROVAL REQUIREMENTS.—
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—
‘‘(A) AUDIT COMMITTEE ACTION.—All auditing services (which may entail providing comfort letters in connection with securities underwritings or statutory audits required for insurance companies for purposes of State law) and non-audit services, other than as provided in subparagraph (B), provided to an issuer by the auditor of the issuer shall be preapproved by the audit committee of the issuer.
‘‘(B) DE MINIMUS EXCEPTION.—The preapproval requirement under subparagraph (A) is waived with respect to the provision of non-audit services for an issuer, if—
‘‘(i) the aggregate amount of all such non-audit services provided to the issuer constitutes not more than 5 percent of the total amount of revenues paid by the issuer to its auditor during the fiscal year in which the nonaudit services are provided;
‘‘(ii) such services were not recognized by the issuer at the time of the engagement to be non-audit services; and
‘‘(iii) such services are promptly brought to the attention of the audit committee of the issuer and approved prior to the completion of the audit by the audit committee or by 1 or more members of the audit committee who are members of the board of directors to whom authority to grant such approvals has been delegated by the audit committee.

116 STAT. 773          PUBLIC LAW 107–204—JULY 30, 2002

‘‘(2) DISCLOSURE TO INVESTORS.—Approval by an audit committee of an issuer under this subsection of a non-audit service to be performed by the auditor of the issuer shall be disclosed to investors in periodic reports required by section 13(a).
‘‘(3) DELEGATION AUTHORITY.—The audit committee of an issuer may delegate to 1 or more designated members of the audit committee who are independent directors of the board of directors, the authority to grant preapprovals required by this subsection. The decisions of any member to whom authority is delegated under this paragraph to preapprove an activity under this subsection shall be presented to the full audit committee at each of its scheduled meetings.
‘‘(4) APPROVAL OF AUDIT SERVICES FOR OTHER PURPOSES.— In carrying out its duties under subsection (m)(2), if the audit committee of an issuer approves an audit service within the scope of the engagement of the auditor, such audit service shall be deemed to have been preapproved for purposes of this subsection.’’.

SEC. 203. AUDIT PARTNER ROTATION.
Section 10A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78j–1), as amended by this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following:
‘‘(j) AUDIT PARTNER ROTATION.—It shall be unlawful for a registered public accounting firm to provide audit services to an issuer if the lead (or coordinating) audit partner (having primary responsibility for the audit, or the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit, has performed audit services for that issuer in each of the 5 previous fiscal years of that issuer.’’.

SEC. 204. AUDITOR REPORTS TO AUDIT COMMITTEES.
Section 10A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78j–1), as amended by this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following:
‘‘(k) REPORTS TO AUDIT COMMITTEES.—Each registered public accounting firm that performs for any issuer any audit required by this title shall timely report to the audit committee of the issuer—
‘‘(1) all critical accounting policies and practices to be used;
‘‘(2) all alternative treatments of financial information within generally accepted accounting principles that have been discussed with management officials of the issuer, ramifications of the use of such alternative disclosures and treatments, and the treatment preferred by the registered public accounting firm; and
‘‘(3) other material written communications between the registered public accounting firm and the management of the issuer, such as any management letter or schedule of unadjusted differences.’’.

SEC. 205. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.
(a) DEFINITIONS.—Section 3(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following:
‘‘(58) AUDIT COMMITTEE.—The term ‘audit committee’ means—
‘‘(A) a committee (or equivalent body established by and amongst the board of directors of an issuer for the

116 STAT. 774          PUBLIC LAW 107–204—JULY 30, 2002

purpose of overseeing the accounting and financial reporting processes of the issuer and audits of the financial statements of the issuer; and
‘‘(B) if no such committee exists with respect to an issuer, the entire board of directors of the issuer.
‘‘(59) REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM.—The term ‘registered public accounting firm’ has the same meaning as in section 2 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.’’.
(b) AUDITOR REQUIREMENTS.—Section 10A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78j–1) is amended—
(1) by striking ‘‘an independent public accountant’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘a registered public accounting firm’’;
(2) by striking ‘‘the independent public accountant’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘the registered public accounting firm’’;
(3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘No independent public accountant’’ and inserting ‘‘No registered public accounting firm’’; and
(4) in subsection (b)—
(A) by striking ‘‘the accountant’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘the firm’’;
(B) by striking ‘‘such accountant’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘such firm’’; and
(C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘the accountant’s report’’ and inserting ‘‘the report of the firm’’.
(c) OTHER REFERENCES.—The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is amended—
(1) in section 12(b)(1) (15 U.S.C. 78l(b)(1)), by striking ‘‘independent public accountants’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘a registered public accounting firm’’; and
(2) in subsections (e) and (i) of section 17 (15 U.S.C. 78q), by striking ‘‘an independent public accountant’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘a registered public accounting firm’’.
(d) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—Section 10A(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78(f)) is amended—
(1) by striking ‘‘DEFINITION’’ and inserting ‘‘DEFINITIONS’’; and
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘As used in this section, the term ‘issuer’ means an issuer (as defined in section 3), the securities of which are registered under section 12, or that is required to file reports pursuant to section 15(d), or that files or has filed a registration statement that has not yet become effective under the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77a et seq.), and that it has not withdrawn.’’.

SEC. 206. CONFLICTS OF INTEREST.
Section 10A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78j–1), as amended by this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following:
‘‘(l) CONFLICTS OF INTEREST.—It shall be unlawful for a registered public accounting firm to perform for an issuer any audit service required by this title, if a chief executive officer, controller, chief financial officer, chief accounting officer, or any person serving in an equivalent position for the issuer, was employed by that registered independent public accounting firm and participated in