PUBLIC LAW 107-204—JULY 30, 2002
                                                                         116 STAT. 781


    ‘‘(j) NOTICE OF BLACKOUT PERIODS TO PARTICIPANT OR BENE-
FICIARY UNDER INDIVIDUAL ACCOUNT PLAN.—
        ‘‘(1) DUTIES OF PLAN ADMINISTRATOR.—In advance of the
    commencement of any blackout period with respect to an indi-
    vidual account plan, the plan administrator shall notify the
    plan participants and beneficiaries who are affected by such
    action in accordance with this subsection.
        ‘‘(2) NOTICE REQUIREMENTS.—
            ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The notices described in paragraph
        (1) shall be written in a manner calculated to be understood
        by the average plan participant and shall include—
                ‘‘(i) the reasons for the blackout period,
                ‘‘(ii) an identification of the investments and other
            rights affected,
                ‘‘(iii) the expected beginning date and length of
            the blackout period,
                ‘‘(iv) in the case of investments affected, a state-
            ment that the participant or beneficiary should
            evaluate the appropriateness of their current invest-
            ment decisions in light of their inability to direct or
            diversify assets credited to their accounts during the
            blackout period, and
                ‘‘(v) such other matters as the Secretary may
            require by regulation.
            ‘‘(B) NOTICE TO PARTICIPANTS AND BENEFICIARIES.—
        Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, notices
        described in paragraph (1) shall be furnished to all partici-
        pants and beneficiaries under the plan to whom the black-
        out period applies at least 30 days in advance of the black-
        out period.
            ‘‘(C) EXCEPTION TO 30-DAY NOTICE REQUIREMENT.—In
        any case in which—
                ‘‘(i) a deferral of the blackout period would violate
            the requirements of subparagraph (A) or (B) of section
            404(a)(1), and a fiduciary of the plan reasonably so
            determines in writing, or
                ‘‘(ii) the inability to provide the 30-day advance
            notice is due to events that were unforeseeable or
            circumstances beyond the reasonable control of the
            plan administrator, and a fiduciary of the plan reason-
            ably so determines in writing,
        subparagraph (B) shall not apply, and the notice shall
        be furnished to all participants and beneficiaries under
        the plan to whom the blackout period applies as soon
        as reasonably possible under the circumstances unless such
        a notice in advance of the termination of the blackout
        period is impracticable.
            ‘‘(D) WRITTEN NOTICE.—The notice required to be pro-
        vided under this subsection shall be in writing, except
        that such notice may be in electronic or other form to
        the extent that such form is reasonably accessible to the
        recipient.
            ‘‘(E) NOTICE TO ISSUERS OF EMPLOYER SECURITIES SUB-
        JECT TO BLACKOUT PERIOD.—In the case of any blackout
        period in connection with an individual account plan, the
        plan administrator shall provide timely notice of such

116 STAT. 782            PUBLIC LAW 107–204—JULY 30, 2002


    blackout period to the issuer of any employer securities
    subject to such blackout period.
        ‘‘(3) EXCEPTION FOR BLACKOUT PERIODS WITH LIMITED
    APPLICABILITY.—In any case in which the blackout period
    applies only to 1 or more participants or beneficiaries in connec-
    tion with a merger, acquisition, divestiture, or similar trans-
    action involving the plan or plan sponsor and occurs solely
    in connection with becoming or ceasing to be a participant
    or beneficiary under the plan by reason of such merger, acquisi-
    tion, divestiture, or transaction, the requirement of this sub-
    section that the notice be provided to all participants and
    beneficiaries shall be treated as met if the notice required
    under paragraph (1) is provided to such participants or bene-
    ficiaries to whom the blackout period applies as soon as reason-
    ably practicable.
        ‘‘(4) CHANGES IN LENGTH OF BLACKOUT PERIOD.—If, fol-
    lowing the furnishing of the notice pursuant to this subsection,
    there is a change in the beginning date or length of the blackout
    period (specified in such notice pursuant to paragraph
    (2)(A)(iii)), the administrator shall provide affected participants
    and beneficiaries notice of the change as soon as reasonably
    practicable. In relation to the extended blackout period, such
    notice shall meet the requirements of paragraph (2)(D) and
    shall specify any material change in the matters referred to
    in clauses (i) through (v) of paragraph (2)(A).
        ‘‘(5) REGULATORY EXCEPTIONS.—The Secretary may provide
    by regulation for additional exceptions to the requirements
    of this subsection which the Secretary determines are in the
    interests of participants and beneficiaries.
        ‘‘(6) GUIDANCE AND MODEL NOTICES.—The Secretary shall
    issue guidance and model notices which meet the requirements
    of this subsection.
        ‘‘(7) BLACKOUT PERIOD.—For purposes of this subsection—
            ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘blackout period’ means,
        in connection with an individual account plan, any period
        for which any ability of participants or beneficiaries under
        the plan, which is otherwise available under the terms
        of such plan, to direct or diversify assets credited to their
        accounts, to obtain loans from the plan, or to obtain dis-
        tributions from the plan is temporarily suspended, limited,
        or restricted, if such suspension, limitation, or restriction
        is for any period of more than 3 consecutive business days.
            ‘‘(B) EXCLUSIONS.—The term ‘blackout period’ does not
        include a suspension, limitation, or restriction—
                ‘‘(i) which occurs by reason of the application of
            the securities laws (as defined in section 3(a)(47) of
            the Securities Exchange Act of 1934),
                ‘‘(ii) which is a change to the plan which provides
            for a regularly scheduled suspension, limitation, or
            restriction which is disclosed to participants or bene-
            ficiaries through any summary of material modifica-
            tions, any materials describing specific investment
            alternatives under the plan, or any changes thereto,
            or
                ‘‘(iii) which applies only to 1 or more individuals,
            each of whom is the participant, an alternate payee

116 STAT. 783            PUBLIC LAW 107–204—JULY 30, 2002


            (as defined in section 206(d)(3)(K)), or any other bene-
            ficiary pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order
            (as defined in section 206(d)(3)(B)(i)).
        ‘‘(8) INDIVIDUAL ACCOUNT PLAN.—
            ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—For purposes of this subsection, the
        term ‘individual account plan’ shall have the meaning pro-
        vided such term in section 3(34), except that such term
        shall not include a one-participant retirement plan.
            ‘‘(B) ONE-PARTICIPANT RETIREMENT PLAN.—For pur-
        poses of subparagraph (A), the term ‘one-participant retire-
        ment plan’ means a retirement plan that—
                    ‘‘(i) on the first day of the plan year—
                         ‘‘(I) covered only the employer (and the
                     employer’s spouse) and the employer owned the
                     entire business (whether or not incorporated), or
                         ‘‘(II) covered only one or more partners (and
                     their spouses) in a business partnership (including
                     partners in an S or C corporation (as defined in
                     section 1361(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of
                     1986)),
                    ‘‘(ii) meets the minimum coverage requirements
                of section 410(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
                (as in effect on the date of the enactment of this
                paragraph) without being combined with any other
                plan of the business that covers the employees of the
                business,
                    ‘‘(iii) does not provide benefits to anyone except
                the employer (and the employer’s spouse) or the part-
                ners (and their spouses),
                    ‘‘(iv) does not cover a business that is a member
                of an affiliated service group, a controlled group of
                corporations, or a group of businesses under common
                control, and
                    ‘‘(v) does not cover a business that leases
                employees.’’.

(2)  ISSUANCE OF INITIAL GUIDANCE AND MODEL NOTICE.—
    The Secretary of Labor shall issue initial guidance and a model
    notice pursuant to section 101(i)(6) of the Employee Retirement
    Income Security Act of 1974 (as added by this subsection)
    not later than January 1, 2003. Not later than 75 days after
    the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall
    promulgate interim final rules necessary to carry out the
    amendments made by this subsection.
(3)  CIVIL PENALTIES FOR FAILURE TO PROVIDE NOTICE.—
    Section 502 of such Act (29 U.S.C. 1132) is amended—
        (A) in subsection (a)(6), by striking ‘‘(5), or (6)’’ and
        inserting ‘‘(5), (6), or (7)’’;
        (B) by redesignating paragraph (7) of subsection (c)
        as paragraph (8); and
        (C) by inserting after paragraph (6) of subsection (c)
        the following new paragraph:
        ‘‘(7) The Secretary may assess a civil penalty against a plan
    administrator of up to $100 a day from the date of the plan adminis-
    trator’s failure or refusal to provide notice to participants and
    beneficiaries in accordance with section 101(i). For purposes of
    this paragraph, each violation with respect to any single participant
    or beneficiary shall be treated as a separate violation.’’.

116 STAT. 784            PUBLIC LAW 107–204—JULY 30, 2002


        (3)  PLAN AMENDMENTS.—If any amendment made by this
    subsection requires an amendment to any plan, such plan
    amendment shall not be required to be made before the first
    plan year beginning on or after the effective date of this section,
    if—
            (A) during the period after such amendment made
        by this subsection takes effect and before such first plan
        year, the plan is operated in good faith compliance with
        the requirements of such amendment made by this sub-
        section, and
            (B) such plan amendment applies retroactively to the
        period after such amendment made by this subsection takes
        effect and before such first plan year.
    (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The provisions of this section (including
    the amendments made thereby) shall take effect 180 days after
    the date of the enactment of this Act. Good faith compliance with
    the requirements of such provisions in advance of the issuance
    of applicable regulations thereunder shall be treated as compliance
    with such provisions.

15 USC 7245.                                                                                                 SEC. 307. RULES OF PROFESSIONAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ATTORNEYS.
Deadline.               Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this
                    Act, the Commission shall issue rules, in the public interest and
                    for the protection of investors, setting forth minimum standards
                    of professional conduct for attorneys appearing and practicing before
                    the Commission in any way in the representation of issuers,
                    including a rule—
                        (1) requiring an attorney to report evidence of a material
                    violation of securities law or breach of fiduciary duty or similar
                    violation by the company or any agent thereof, to the chief
                    legal counsel or the chief executive officer of the company
                    (or the equivalent thereof); and
                        (2) if the counsel or officer does not appropriately respond
                    to the evidence (adopting, as necessary, appropriate remedial
                    measures or sanctions with respect to the violation), requiring
                    the attorney to report the evidence to the audit committee
                    of the board of directors of the issuer or to another committee
                    of the board of directors comprised solely of directors not
                    employed directly or indirectly by the issuer, or to the board
                    of directors.

15 USC 7246.                                                                                                 SEC. 308. FAIR FUNDS FOR INVESTORS.
(a) CIVIL PENALTIES ADDED TO DISGORGEMENT FUNDS FOR THE
        RELIEF OF VICTIMS.—If in any judicial or administrative action
        brought by the Commission under the securities laws (as such
        term is defined in section 3(a)(47) of the Securities Exchange Act
        of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(47)) the Commission obtains an order
        requiring disgorgement against any person for a violation of such
        laws or the rules or regulations thereunder, or such person agrees
        in settlement of any such action to such disgorgement, and the
        Commission also obtains pursuant to such laws a civil penalty
        against such person, the amount of such civil penalty shall, on
        the motion or at the direction of the Commission, be added to
        and become part of the disgorgement fund for the benefit of the
        victims of such violation.
    (b) ACCEPTANCE OF ADDITIONAL DONATIONS.—The Commission
        is authorized to accept, hold, administer, and utilize gifts, bequests
        and devises of property, both real and personal, to the United