[Pub. 66.]

(b) The tenth paragraph of section 9 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended (U.S.C., title 12, sec. 329), is amended to read as follows:
"No applying bank shall be admitted to membership in a Federal reserve bank unless it possesses a paid-up unimpaired capital sufficient to entitle it to become a national banking association in the place where it is situated under the provisions of the National Bank Act, as amended: Provided, That this paragraph shall not apply to State banks and trust companies organized prior to the date this paragraph as amended takes effect and situated in a place the population of which does not exceed three thousand inhabitants and having a capital of not less than $25,000, nor to any State bank or trust company which is so situated and which, while it is entitled to the benefits of insurance under section 12B of this Act, increases its capital to not less than $25,000."
SEC. 18. Section 5139 of the Revised Statutes, as amended (U.S.C., title 12, sec. 52; Supp. VI, title 12, sec. 52), is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new paragraph:
"After one year from the date of the enactment of the Banking Act of 1933, no certificate representing the stock of any such association shall represent the stock of any other corporation, except a member bank or a corporation existing on the date this paragraph takes effect engaged solely in holding the bank premises of such association, nor shall the ownership, sale, or transfer of any certificate representing the stock of any such association be conditioned in any manner whatsoever upon the ownership, sale, or transfer of a certificate representing the stock of any other corporation, except a member bank."
SEC. 19. Section 5144 of the Revised Statutes, as amended (U.S.C., title 12, sec. 61), is amended to read as follows:
"Sec. 5144. In all elections of directors, each shareholder shall have the right to vote the number of shares owned by him for as many persons as there are directors to be elected, or to cumulate such shares and give one candidate as many votes as the number of directors multiplied by the number of his shares shall equal, or to distribute them on the same principle among as many candidates as he shall think fit; and in deciding all other questions at meetings of shareholders, each shareholder shall be entitled to one vote on each share of stock held by him; except (1) that shares of its own stock held by a national bank as sole trustee shall not be voted, and shares of its own stock held by a national bank and one or more persons as trustees may be voted by such other person or persons, as trustees, in the same manner as if he or they were the sole trustee, and (2) shares controlled by any holding company affiliate of a national bank shall not be voted unless such holding company affiliate shall have first obtained a voting permit as hereinafter provided, which permit is in force at the time such shares are voted. Shareholders may vote by proxies duly authorized in writing; but no officer, clerk, teller, or bookkeeper of such bank shall act as proxy; and no shareholder whose liability is past due and unpaid shall be allowed to vote.
"For the purposes of this section shares shall be deemed to be controlled by a holding company affiliate if they are owned or controlled directly or indirectly by such holding company affiliate, or held by any trustee for the benefit of the shareholders or members thereof.

Digitized for FRASER
http://fraser.stlouisfed.org/
Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis