23

inserting in lieu thereof the following: “Any depositor may withdraw the whole or any part of the funds deposited to his or her credit with the accrued interest only on notice given sixty days in advance and under such regulations as the Postmaster General may prescribe; but withdrawal of any part of such funds may be made upon demand, but no interest shall be paid on any funds so withdrawn except interest accrued to the date of enactment of the Banking Act of 1933: Provided, That Postal Savings depositories may deposit funds in member banks on time under regulations to be prescribed by the Postmaster General.” 
(d) The second sentence of section 9 of the Act entitled "An Act to establish postal savings depositories for depositing savings at interest with the security of the Government for repayment thereof, and for other purposes”, approved June 25, 1910, as amended (U.S.C., title 39, sec. 759), is amended by striking out the period at the end thereof and inserting in lieu thereof a colon and the following: “Provided, That no such security shall be required in case of such part of the deposits as are insured under section 12B of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended.”
    
Sec. 12. Section 22 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended (U.S.C., title 12, secs. 375, 376, 503, 593-595; Supp. VI, title 12, sec. 593), is further amended by adding at the end thereof the following new paragraph:
(g) No executive officer of any member bank shall borrow from or otherwise become indebted to any member bank of which he is an executive officer, and no member bank shall make any loan or extend credit in any other manner to any of its own executive officers: Provided, That loans heretofore made to any such officer may be renewed or extended not more than two years from the date this paragraph takes effect, if in accord with sound banking practice. If any executive officer of any member bank borrow from or if he be or become indebted to any bank other than a member bank of which he is an executive officer, he shall make a written report to the chairman of the board of directors of the member bank of which he is an executive officer, stating the date and amount of such loan or indebtedness, the security therefor, and the purpose for which the proceeds have been or are to be used. Any executive officer of any member bank violating the provisions of this paragraph shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be imprisoned not exceeding one year, or fined not more than $5,000, or both; and any member bank violating the provisions of this paragraph shall be fined not more than $10,000, and may be fined a further sum equal to the amount so loaned or credit so extended.“
    
Sec. 13. The Federal Reserve Act, as amended, is amended by inserting between sections 23 and 24 thereof (U.S.C., title 12, secs. 64 and 371; Supp. VI, title 12, sec. 371) the following new section:
    
“Sec. 23A. No member bank shall (1) make any loan or any extension of credit to, or purchase securities under repurchase agreement from, any of its affiliates, or (2) invest any of its funds in the capital stock, bonds, debentures, or other such obligations of any such affiliate, or (3) accept the capital stock, bonds, debentures, or other such obligations of any such affiliate as collateral security for advances made to any person, partnership, association, or corpora-