bank shall represent the stock of any other corporation, except a member bank or a corporation existing on the date this paragraph takes effect engaged solely in holding the bank premises of such State member bank, nor shall the ownership, sale, or transfer of any certificate representing the stock of any such bank be conditioned in any manner whatsoever upon the ownership, sale, or transfer of a certificate representing the stock of any other corporation, except a member bank.

"Each State member bank affiliated with a holding company affiliate shall obtain from such holding company affiliate, within such time as the Federal Reserve Board shall prescribe, an agreement that such holding company affiliate shall be subject to the same conditions and limitations as are applicable under section 5144 of the Revised Statutes, as amended, in the case of holding company affiliates of national banks. A copy of each such agreement shall be filed with the Federal Reserve Board. Upon the failure of a State member bank affiliated with a holding company affiliate to obtain such an agreement within the time so prescribed, the Federal Reserve Board shall require such bank to surrender its stock in the Federal reserve bank and to forfeit all rights and privileges of membership in the Federal Reserve System as provided in this section. Whenever the Federal Reserve Board shall have revoked the voting permit of any such holding company affiliate, the Federal Reserve Board may, in its discretion, require any or all State member banks affiliated with such holding company affiliate to surrender their stock in the Federal reserve bank and to forfeit all rights and privileges of membership in the Federal Reserve System as provided in this section.

"In connection with examinations of State member banks, examiners selected or approved by the Federal Reserve Board shall make such examinations of the affairs of all affiliates of such banks as shall be necessary to disclose fully the relations between such banks and their affiliates and the effect of such relations upon the affairs of such banks. The expense of examination of affiliates of any State member bank may, in the discretion of the Federal Reserve Board, be assessed against such bank and, when so assessed, shall be paid by such bank. In the event of the refusal to give any information requested in the course of the examination of any such affiliate, or in the event of the refusal to permit such examination, or in the event of the refusal to pay any expense so assessed, the Federal Reserve Board may, in its discretion, require any or all State member banks affiliated with such affiliate to surrender their stock in the Federal reserve bank and to forfeit all rights and privileges of membership in the Federal Reserve System, as provided in this section.”

Sec. 6. (a) The second paragraph of section 10 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended (U.S.C., title 12, sec. 242), is amended to read as follows:

"The Secretary of the Treasury and the Comptroller of the Currency shall be ineligible during the time they are in office and for two years thereafter to hold any office, position, or employment in any member bank. The appointive members of the Federal Reserve Board shall be ineligible during the time they are in office and for two years thereafter to hold any office, position, or employment in