[Pub. 66.]                                                                    17
authorities, or by vote of their directors, or from entering into nego-
tiations to secure the reopening of such banks.
     "(n) Receivers or liquidators of member banks which are now
or may hereafter become insolvent or suspended shall be entitled
to offer the assets of such banks for sale to the Corporation or as
security for loans from the Corporation, upon receiving permission
from the appropriate State authority in accordance with express pro-
visions of State law in the case of State member banks or from the
Comptroller of the Currency in the case of national banks. The
proceeds of every such sale or loan shall be utilized for the same
purposes and in the same manner as other funds realized from the
liquidation of the assets of such banks. The Comptroller of the
Currency may, in his discretion, pay dividends on proved claims at
any time after the expiration of the period of advertisement made
pursuant to section 5235 of the Revised Statutes (U.S.C., title 12,
sec. 193), and no liability shall attach to the Comptroller of the
Currency or to the receiver of any national bank by reason of any
such payment for failure to pay dividends to a claimant whose claim
is not proved at the time of any such payment.
     "(o) The Corporation is authorized and empowered to issue and
to have outstanding at any one time in an amount aggregating not
more than three times the amount of its capital, its notes, debentures,
bonds, or other such obligations, to be redeemable at the option of the
Corporation before maturity in such manner as may be stipulated in
such obligations, and to bear such rate or rates of interest, and to
mature at such time or times as may be determined by the Cor-
poration: Provided, That the Corporation may sell on a discount
basis short-term obligations payable at maturity without interest.
it The notes, debentures, bonds, and other such obligations of the Cor-
poration may be secured by assets of the Corporation in such manner
as shall be prescribed by its board of directors. Such obligations
may be offered for sale at such price or prices as the Corporation
may determine.
     "(p) All notes, debentures, bonds, or other such obligations issued
by the Corporation shall be exempt, both as to principal and interest,
from all taxation (except estate and inheritance taxes) now or here-
after imposed by the United States, by any Territory, dependency,
or possession thereof, or by any State, county, municipality, or local
taxing authority. The Corporation, including its franchise, its capi-
tal, reserves, and surplus, and its income, shall be exempt from all
taxation now or hereafter imposed by the United States, by any
Territory, dependency, or possession thereof, or by any State, county,
municipality, or local taxing authority, except that any real prop-
erty of the Corporation shall be subject to State, Territorial, county,
municipal or local taxation to the same extent according to its value
as other real property is taxed.
     "(q) In order that the Corporation may be supplied with such
forms of notes, debentures, bonds, or other such obligations as it may
need for issuance under this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury is
authorized to prepare such forms as shall be suitable and approved by
the Corporation, to be held in the Treasury subject to delivery, upon
order of the Corporation. The engraved plates, and dies, bed pieces, and
20366 O---58---34