tion, if, in the case of any such affiliate, the aggregate amount of 
such loans, extensions of credit, repurchase agreements, investments, 
and advances against such collateral security will exceed 10 per 
centum of the capital stock and surplus of such member bank, or 
if, in the case of all such affiliates, the aggregate amount of such 
loans, extensions of credits, repurchase agreements, investments, and 
advances against such collateral security will exceed 20 per centum 
of the capital stock and surplus of such member bank. 

"Within the foregoing limitations, each loan or extension of credit 
of any kind or character to an affiliate shall be secured by collateral 
in the form of stocks, bonds, debentures, or other such obligations 
having a market value at the time of making the loan or extension 
of credit of at least 20 per centum more than the amount of the 
loan or extension of credit, or of at least 10 per centum more than 
the amount of the loan or extension of credit if it is secured by 
obligations of any State, or of any political subdivision or agency 
thereof : Provided, That the provisions of this paragraph shall not 
apply to loans or extensions of credit secured by obligations of the 
United States Government, the Federal intermediate credit banks, 
the Federal land banks, the Federal Home Loan Banks, or the Home 
Owners' Loan Corporation, or by such notes, drafts, bills of exchange, 
or bankers' acceptances as are eligible for rediscount or for purchase 
by Federal reserve banks. A loan or extension of credit to a 
director officer, clerk, or other employee or any representative of 
any such affiliate shall be deemed a loan to the affiliate to the extent 
that the proceeds of such loan are used for the benefit of, or trans- 
ferred to, the affiliate. 

"For the purposes of this section the term 'affiliate' shall include 
holding company affiliates as well as other affiliates, and the pro- 
visions of this section shall not apply to any affiliate (1) engaged 
solely in holding the bank premises of the member bank with which 
it is affiliated, (2) engaged solely in conducting a safe-deposit busi- 
ness or the business of an agricultural credit corporation or livestock 
loan company, (3) in the capital stock of which a national banking 
association is authorized to invest pursuant to section 25 of the 
Federal Reserve Act, as amended, (4) organized under section 
25 (a). of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, or (5) engaged 
solely in holding obligations of the United States Government, the 
Federal intermediate credit banks, the Federal land banks, the Fed- 
eral Home Loan Banks, or the Home Owners' Loan Corporation ; 
but as to any such affiliate, member banks shall continue to be subject 
to other provisions of law applicable to loans by such banks and 
investments by such banks in stocks, bonds, debentures, or other such 
obligations." 

SEC. 14. The Federal Reserve Act, as amended, is amended by 
inserting between section 24 and section 25 thereof (U.S.C., title 12, 
secs. 371 and 601-605; Supp. VI, title 12, sec. 371) the following 
new section: 

"SEC. 24A. Hereafter no national bank, without the approval 
of the Comptroller of the Currency, and no State member bank, 
without the approval of the Federal Reserve Board, shall (1) invest 
in bank premises, or in the stock, bonds, debentures, or other such 
obligations of any corporation holding the premises of such bank 