36

such order and the findings of fact upon which it is based shall not be made public or disclosed to anyone except the director or officer involved and the directors of the bank involved, otherwise than in connection with proceedings for a violation of this section. Any such director or officer removed from office as herein provided who thereafter participates in any manner in the management of such bank shall be fined not more than $5,000, or imprisoned for not more than five years, or both, in the discretion of the court.

SEC. 31. After one year from the date of enactment of this Act, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the board of directors, board of trustees, or other similar governing body of every national banking association and of every State bank or trust company which is a member of the Federal Reserve System shall consist of not less than five nor more than twenty-five members; and every director, trustee, or other member of such governing body shall be the bona fide owner in his own right of shares of stock of such banking association, State bank or trust company having a par value in the aggregate of not less than $2,500, unless the capital of the bank shall not exceed $50,000, in which case he must own in his own right shares having a par value in the aggregate of not less than $1,500, or unless the capital of the bank shall not exceed $25,000, in which case he must own in his own right shares having a par value in the aggregate of not less than $1,000. If any national banking association violates the provisions of this section and continues such violation after thirty days’ notice from the Comptroller of the Currency, the said Comptroller may appoint a receiver or conservator therefor, in accordance with the provisions of existing law. If any State bank or trust company which is a member of the Federal Reserve System violates the provisions of this section and continues such violation after thirty days’ notice from the Federal Reserve Board, it shall be subject to the forfeiture of its membership in the Federal Reserve System in accordance with the provisions of section 9 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended.

SEC. 32. From and after January 1, 1934, no officer or director of any member bank shall be an officer, director, or manager of any corporation, partnership, or unincorporated association engaged primarily in the business of purchasing, selling, or negotiating securities, and no member bank shall perform the functions of a correspondent bank on behalf of any such individual, partnership, corporation, or unincorporated association and no such individual, partnership, corporation, or unincorporated association shall perform the functions of a correspondent for any member bank or hold or deposit any funds on behalf of any member bank, unless in any such case there is a permit therefor issued by the Federal Reserve Board; and the Board is authorized to issue such permit if in its judgment it is not incompatible with the public interest, and to revoke any such permit whenever it finds after reasonable notice and opportunity to be heard, that the public interest requires such revocation.

SEC. 33. The Act entitled “An Act to supplement existing laws against unlawful restraints and monopolies, and for other purposes”, approved October 15, 1914, as amended (U.S.C., title 15, sec. 19), is