"(b) The management of the Corporation shall be vested in a board of directors consisting of three members, one of whom shall be the Comptroller of the Currency, and two of whom shall be citizens of the United States to be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. One of the appointive members shall be the chairman of the board of directors of the Corporation and not more than two of the members of such board of directors shall be members of the same political party. Each such appointive member shall hold office for a term of six years and shall receive compensation at the rate of $10,000 per annum, payable monthly out of the funds of the Corporation, but the Comptroller of the Currency shall not receive additional compensation for his services as such member.

   (c) There is hereby authorized to be appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $150,000,000, which shall be available for payment by the Secretary of the Treasury for capital stock of the Corporation in an equal amount, which shall be subscribed for by him on behalf of the United States. Payments upon such subscription shall be subject to call in whole or in part by the board of directors of the Corporation. Such stock shall be in addition to the amount of capital stock required to be subscribed for by Federal reserve banks and member and nonmember banks as hereinafter provided, and the United States shall be entitled to the payment of dividends on such stock to the same extent as member and nonmember banks are entitled to such payment on the class A stock of the Corporation held by them. Receipts for payments by the United States for or on account of such stock shall be issued by the Corporation to the Secretary of the Treasury and shall be evidence of the stock ownership of the United States.

   (d) The capital stock of the Corporation shall be divided into shares of $100 each. Certificates of stock of the Corporation shall be of two classes--class A and class B. Class A stock shall be held by member and nonmember banks as hereinafter provided and they shall be entitled to payment of dividends out of net earnings at the rate of 6 per centum per annum on the capital stock paid in by them, which dividends shall be cumulative, or to the extent of 30 per centum of such net earnings in any one year, whichever amount shall be the greater, but such stock shall have no vote at meetings of stockholders. Class B stock shall be held by Federal reserve banks only and shall not be entitled to the payment of dividends. Every Federal reserve bank shall subscribe to shares of class B stock in the Corporation to an amount equal to one half of the surplus of such bank on January 1, 1933, and its subscriptions shall be accompanied by a certified check payable to the Corporation in an amount equal to one half of such subscription. The remainder of such subscription shall be subject to call from time to time by the board of directors upon ninety days' notice.

   (e) Every bank which is or which becomes a member of the Federal Reserve System on or before July 1, 1934, shall take all steps necessary to enable it to become a class A stockholder of the Corporation on or before July 1, 1934; and thereafter no State bank or trust company or mutual savings bank shall be admitted to membership in the Federal Reserve System until it becomes a class A"