33

State, or Territory, or District, the bank may take, receive, reserve, or charge a rate not exceeding 7 per centum, or 1 per centum in excess of the discount rate on ninety-day commercial paper in effect at the Federal reserve bank in the Federal reserve district where the bank is located, whichever may be the greater, and such interest may be taken in advance, reckoning the days for which the note, bill, or other evidence of debt has to run."
     SEC. 26. (a) The second sentence of the first paragraph of section 5200 of the Revised Statutes, as amended (U.S.C., title 12, sec. 84; Supp. VI, title 12, sec. 84), is amended by inserting before the period at the end thereof the following: "and shall include in the case of obligations of a corporation all obligations of all subsidiaries thereof in which such corporation owns or controls a majority interest."
     (b) The amendment made by this section shall not apply to such obligations of subsidiaries held by such association on the date this section takes effect.
     SEC. 27. Section 5211 of the Revised Statutes, as amended (U.S.C., title 12, sec. 161; Supp. VI, title 12, sec. 161), is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new paragraph:
     "Each national banking association shall obtain from each of its affiliates other than member banks and furnish to the Comptroller of the Currency not less than three reports during each year, in such form as the Comptroller may prescribe, verified by the oath or affirmation of the president or such other officer as may be designated by the board of directors of such affiliate to verify such reports, disclosing the information hereinafter provided for as of dates identical with those for which the Comptroller shall during such year require the reports of the condition of the association. For the purpose of this section the term 'affiliate' shall include holding company affiliates as well as other affiliates. Each such report of an affiliate shall be transmitted to the Comptroller at the same time as the corresponding report of the association, except that the Comptroller may, in his discretion, extend such time for good cause shown. Each such report shall contain such information as in the judgment of the Comptroller of the Currency shall be necessary to disclose fully the relations between such affiliate and such bank and to enable the Comptroller to inform himself as to the effect of such relations upon the affairs of such bank. The reports of such affiliates shall be published by the association under the same conditions as govern its own condition reports. The Comptroller shall also have power to call for additional reports with respect to any such affiliate whenever in his judgment the same are necessary in order to obtain a full and complete knowledge of the conditions of the association with which it is affiliated. Such additional reports shall be transmitted to the Comptroller of the Currency in such form as he may prescribe. Any such affiliated bank which fails to obtain and furnish any report required under this section shall be subject to a penalty of $100 for each day during which such failure continues."
     SEC. 28. (a) The first paragraph of section 5240 of the Revised Statutes, as amended (U.S.C., title 12, sec. 481), is amended by inserting before the period at the end thereof a colon and the following proviso: "Provided, That in making the examination of any national bank the examiners shall include such an examination of