any member bank, except that this restriction shall not apply to a member who has served the full term for which he was appointed. Upon the expiration of the term of any appointive member of the Federal Reserve Board in office when this paragraph as amended takes effect, the President shall fix the term of the successor to such member at not to exceed twelve years, as designated by the President at the time of nomination, but in such manner as to provide for the expiration of the term of not more than one appointive member in any two-year period, and thereafter each appointive member shall hold office for a term of twelve years from the expiration of the term of his predecessor. Of the six persons thus appointed, one shall be designated by the President as governor and one as vice governor of the Federal Reserve Board. The governor of the Federal Reserve Board, subject to its supervision, shall be its active executive officer. Each member of the Federal Reserve Board shall within fifteen days after notice of appointment make and subscribe to the oath of office."
    (b) The fourth paragraph of section 10 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended (U.S.C., title 12, sec. 244), is amended to read as follows:
    "The principal offices of the Board shall be in the District of Columbia. At meetings of the Board the Secretary of the Treasury shall preside as chairman, and, in his absence, the governor shall preside. In the absence of both the Secretary of the Treasury and the governor the vice governor shall preside. In the absence of the Secretary of the Treasury, the governor, and the vice governor the Board shall elect a member to act as chairman pro tempore. The Board shall determine and prescribe the manner in which its obligations shall be incurred and its disbursements and expenses allowed and paid, and may leave on deposit in the Federal Reserve banks the proceeds of assessments levied upon them to defray its estimated expenses and the salaries of its members and employees, whose employment, compensation, leave, and expenses shall be governed solely by the provisions of this Act, specific amendments thereof, and rules and regulations of the Board not inconsistent therewith; and funds derived from such assessments shall not be construed to be Government funds or appropriated moneys. No member of the Federal Reserve Board shall be an officer or director of any bank, banking institution, trust company, or Federal Reserve bank or hold stock in any bank, banking institution, or trust company; and before entering upon his duties as a member of the Federal Reserve Board he shall certify under oath that he has complied with this requirement, and such certification shall be filed with the secretary of the Board. Whenever a vacancy shall occur, other than by expiration of term, among the six members of the Federal Reserve Board appointed by the President as above provided, a successor shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to fill such vacancy, and when appointed he shall hold office for the unexpired term of his predecessor."
Sec. 7. Paragraph (m) of section 11 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended (U.S.C., title 12, sec. 248), is amended to read as follows:
    "(m) Upon the affirmative vote of not less than six of its members the Federal Reserve Board shall have power to fix from time to time for each Federal reserve district the percentage of indi