[Pub. 66.]

35

computation and assessment of the expenses of examinations herein provided for and the collection of such assessments from the banks and/or affiliates examined. If any affiliate of a national bank shall refuse to permit an examiner to make an examination of the affiliate or shall refuse to give any information required in the course of any such examination, the national bank with which it is affiliated shall be subject to a penalty of not more than $100 for each day that any such refusal shall continue. Such penalty may be assessed by the Comptroller of the Currency and collected in the same manner as expenses of examinations."

Sec. 29. In any case in which, in the opinion of the Comptroller of the Currency, it would be to the advantage of the depositors and unsecured creditors of any national banking association whose business has been closed, for such association to resume business upon the retention by the association, for a reasonable period to be prescribed by the Comptroller, of all or any part of its deposits, the Comptroller is authorized, in his discretion, to permit the association to resume business if depositors and unsecured creditors of the association representing at least 75 per centum of its total deposit and unsecured credit liabilities consent in writing to such retention of deposits. Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect in any manner any powers of the Comptroller under the provisions of law in force on the date of enactment of this Act with respect to the reorganization of national banking associations.

Sec. 30. Whenever, in the opinion of the Comptroller of the Currency, any director or officer of a national bank, or of a bank or trust company doing business in the District of Columbia, or whenever, in the opinion of a Federal reserve agent, any director or officer of a State member bank in his district shall have continued to violate any law relating to such bank or trust company or shall have continued unsafe or unsound practices in conducting the business of such bank or trust company, after having been warned by the Comptroller of the Currency or the Federal reserve agent, as the case may be, to discontinue such violations of law or such unsafe or unsound practices, the Comptroller of the Currency or the Federal reserve agent, as the case may be, may certify the facts to the Federal Reserve Board. In any such case the Federal Reserve Board may cause notice to be served upon such director or officer to appear before such Board to show cause why he should not be removed from office. A copy of such order shall be sent to each director of the bank affected, by registered mail. If after granting the accused director or officer a reasonable opportunity to be heard, the Federal Reserve Board finds that he has continued to violate any law relating to such bank or trust company or has continued unsafe or unsound practices in conducting the business of such bank after having been warned by the Comptroller of the Currency or the Federal reserve agent to discontinue such violation of law or such unsafe or unsound practices, the Federal Reserve Board, in its discretion, may order that such director or officer be removed from office. A copy of such order shall be served upon such director or officer. A copy of such order shall also be served upon the bank of which he is a director or officer, whereupon such director or officer shall cease to be a director or officer of such bank: Provided, That

Digitized for FRASER
http://fraser.stlouisfed.org/
Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis