[Pub. 66.]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          31

and penalties as are now provided by law in respect of national banking associations transacting business in the same locality.
    (b) Whoever shall willfully violate any of the provisions of this section shall upon conviction be fined not more than $5,000 or imprisoned not more than five years, or both, and any officer, director, employee, or agent of any person, firm, corporation, association, business trust, or other similar organization who knowingly participates in any such violation shall be punished by a like fine or imprisonment or both.
    Sec. 22. The additional liability imposed upon shareholders in national banking associations by the provisions of section 5151 of the Revised Statutes, as amended, and section 23 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended (U.S.C, title 12, secs. 63 and 64), shall not apply with respect to shares in any such association issued after the date of enactment of this Act.
    Sec. 23. Paragraph (c) of section 5155 of the Revised Statutes, as amended (U.S.C., title 12, sec. 36), is amended to read as follows:
       “(c) A national banking association may, with the approval of the Comptroller of the Currency, establish and operate new branches:
       (1) Within the limits of the city, town or village in which said association is situated, if such establishment and operation are at the time expressly authorized to State banks by the law of the State in question; and (2) at any point within the State in which said association is situated, if such establishment and operation are at the time authorized to State banks by the statute law of the State in question by language specifically granting such authority affirmatively and not merely by implication or recognition, and subject to the restrictions as to location imposed by the law of the State on State banks. No such association shall establish a branch outside of the city, town, or village in which it is situated unless it has a caid-in and unimpaired capital stock of not less than $500,000: Provided, That in States with a population of less than one million, and which have no cities located therein with a population exceeding one hundred thousand, the capital shall be not less than $250,000: Provided, That in States with a population of less than one-half million, and which have no cities located therein with a population exceeding fifty thousand, the capital shall not be less than $100,000.”
    Paragraph (d) of section 5155 of the Revised Statutes, as amended (U.S.C., title 12, sec. 36), is amended to read as follows:
       “(d) The aggregate capital of every national banking association and its branches shall at no time be less than the aggregate minimum capital required by law for the establishment of an equal number of national banking associations situated in the various places where such association and its branches are situated.”
    Sec. 24. (a) Sections 1 and 3 of the Act entitled “An Act to provide for the consolidation of national banking associations”, approved November 7, 1918, as amended (U.S.C., title 12, secs. 33, 34, and 34a), are amended by striking out the words “county, city, town, or village” wherever they occur in each such section, and inserting in lieu thereof the words “State, county, city, town, or village.”
       (b) Section 3 of such Act of November 7, 1918, as amended, is further amended by striking out the second sentence thereof and inserting in lieu thereof the following: “The capital stock of such

Digitized for FRASER
http://fraser.stlouisfed.org/
Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis