[PU B. 6 6 . ]                                                                                                                  11

such stock may be decreased in amount as member banks reduce their time and demand deposits or cease to be members. Shares of the capital stock of the Corporation owned by member banks shall not be transferred or hypothecated. When a member bank increases its time and demand deposits it shall, at the beginning of each calendar year, subscribe for an additional amount of capital stock of the Corporation equal to one half of 1 per centum of such increase in deposits. One half of the amount of such additional stock shall be paid for at the time of the subscription therefor, and the balance shall be subject to call by the board of directors of the Corporation. A bank organized on or before the date this section takes effect and admitted to membership in the Federal Reserve System at any time after the organization of the Corporation shall be required to subscribe for an amount of class A capital stock equal to one half of 1 per centum of the time and demand deposits of the applicant bank as of the date of such admission, paying therefor its par value plus one half of 1 per centum a month from the period of the last dividend on the class A stock of the Corporation. When a member bank reduces its time and demand deposits it shall surrender, not later than the 1st day of January thereafter, a proportionate amount of its holdings in the capital stock of the Corporation, and when a member bank voluntarily liquidates it shall surrender all its holdings of the capital stock of the Corporation and be released from its stock subscription not previously called. The shares so surrendered shall be canceled and the member bank shall receive in payment therefor, under regulations to be prescribed by the Corporation, a sum equal to its cash-paid subscriptions on the shares surrendered and its proportionate share of dividends not-to exceed one half of 1 per centum a month, from the period of the last dividend on such stock, less any liability of such member bank to the Corporation.

(i) If any member or nonmember bank shall be declared insolvent, or shall cease to be a member bank (or in the case of a non-member bank, shall cease to be entitled to the benefits of insurance under this section), the stock held by it in the Corporation shall be canceled, without impairment of the liability of such bank, and all cash-paid subscriptions on such stock, with its proportionate share of dividends not to exceed one half of 1 per centum per month from the period of last dividend on such stock shall be first applied to all debts of the insolvent bank or the receiver thereof to the Corporation, and the balance, if any, shall be paid to the receiver of the insolvent bank.

(j) Upon the date of enactment of the Banking Act of 1933, the Corporation shall become a body corporate and as such shall have power—

“First. To adopt and use a corporate seal.

“Second. To have succession until dissolved by an Act of Congress.

“Third. To make contracts.

“Fourth. To sue and be sued, complain and defend, in any court of law or equity, State or Federal.

“Fifth. To appoint by its board of directors such officers and employees as are not otherwise provided for in this section, to define their duties, fix their compensation, require bonds of them and fix