SEC. 3.  (a)  The fourth paragraph after paragraph "Eighth" of section 4 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended (U.S.C., title 12, sec. 301), is amended to read as follows:
"Said board of directors shall administer the affairs of said bank fairly and impartially and without discrimination in favor of or against any member bank or banks and may, subject to the provisions of law and the orders of the Federal Reserve Board, extend to each member bank such discounts, advancements, and accommodations as may be safely and reasonably made with due regard for the claims and demands of other member banks, the maintenance of sound credit conditions, and the accommodation of commerce, industry, and agriculture. The Federal Reserve Board may prescribe regulations further defining within the limitations of this Act the conditions under which discounts, advancements, and the accommodations may be extended to member banks. Each Federal reserve bank shall keep itself informed of the general character and amount of the loans and investments of its member banks with a view to ascertaining whether undue use is being made of bank credit for the speculative carrying of or trading in securities, real estate, or commodities, or for any other purpose inconsistent with the maintenance of sound credit conditions; and, in determining whether to grant or refuse advances, rediscounts or other credit accommodations, the Federal reserve bank shall give consideration to such information. The chairman of the Federal reserve bank shall report to the Federal Reserve Board any such undue use of bank credit by any member bank, together with his recommendation. Whenever, in the judgment of the Federal Reserve Board, any member bank is making such undue use of bank credit, the Board may, in its discretion, after reasonable notice and an opportunity for a hearing, suspend such bank from the use of the credit facilities of the Federal Reserve System and may terminate such suspension or may renew it from time to time."
(b) The paragraph of section 4 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended (U.S.C., title 12, sec. 304), which commences with the words "The Federal Reserve Board shall classify" is amended by inserting before the period at the end thereof a colon and the following:
"Provided, That whenever any two or more member banks within the same Federal reserve district are affiliated with the same holding company affiliate, participation by such member banks in any such nomination or election shall be confined to one of such banks, which may be designated for the purpose by such holding company affiliate."
SEC. 4.  The first paragraph of section 7 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended (U.S.C., title 12, sec. 289), is amended, effective July 1, 1932, to read as follows:
"After all necessary expenses of a Federal reserve bank shall have been paid or provided for, the stockholders shall be entitled to receive an annual dividend of 6 per centum on the paid-in capital stock, which dividend shall be cumulative. After the aforesaid dividend claims have been fully met, the net earnings shall be paid into the surplus fund of the Federal reserve bank."
SEC. 5.  (a) The first paragraph of section 9 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended (U.S.C., title 12, sec. 321; Supp. VI, title 12, sec. 321), is amended by inserting immediately after the words "United