of its rights and privileges as a member bank shall be forfeited and its membership in the Federal Reserve System shall be terminated in the manner prescribed elsewhere in this section with respect to State member banks and trust companies. Each such mutual savings bank shall comply with all the provisions of law applicable to State member banks and trust companies, with the regulations of the Federal Reserve Board and with the conditions of membership prescribed for such savings bank at the time of admission to membership, except as otherwise hereinbefore provided with respect to capital stock.

"Each bank admitted to membership under this section shall obtain from each of its affiliates other than member banks and furnish to the Federal reserve bank of its district and to the Federal Reserve Board not less than three reports during each year. Such reports shall be in such form as the Federal Reserve Board may prescribe, shall be verified by the oath or affirmation of the president or such other officer as may be designated by the board of directors of such affiliate to verify such reports, and shall disclose the information hereinafter provided for as of dates identical with those fixed by the Federal Reserve Board for reports of the condition of the affiliated member bank. Each such report of an affiliate shall be transmitted as herein provided at the same time as the corresponding report of the affiliated member bank, except that the Federal Reserve Board may, in its discretion, extend such time for good cause shown. Each such report shall contain such information as in the judgment of the Federal Reserve Board shall be necessary to disclose fully the relations between such affiliate and such bank and to enable the Board to inform itself as to the effect of such relations upon the affairs of such bank. The reports of such affiliates shall be published by the bank under the same conditions as govern its own condition reports.

"Any such affiliated member bank may be required to obtain from any such affiliate such additional reports as in the opinion of its Federal reserve bank or the Federal Reserve Board may be necessary in order to obtain a full and complete knowledge of the condition of the affiliated member bank. Such additional reports shall be transmitted to the Federal reserve bank and the Federal Reserve Board and shall be in such form as the Federal Reserve Board may prescribe.

"Any such affiliated member bank which fails to obtain from any of its affiliates and furnish any report provided for by the two preceding paragraphs of this section shall be subject to a penalty of $100 for each day during which such failure continues, which, by direction of the Federal Reserve Board, may be collected, by suit or otherwise, by the Federal reserve bank of the district in which such member bank is located. For the purposes of this paragraph and the two preceding paragraphs of this section, the term 'affiliate' shall include holding company affiliates as well as other affiliates.

"State member banks shall be subject to the same limitations and conditions with respect to the purchasing, selling, underwriting, and holding of investment securities and stock as are applicable in the case of national banks under paragraph 'Seventh' of section 5136 of the Revised Statutes, as amended.

"After one year from the date of the enactment of the Banking Act of 1933, no certificate representing the stock of any State member