ings or agreements arrived at or transactions agreed upon, and all other material facts appertaining to such conferences or negotiations, shall be filed with the Federal Reserve Board in writing by a duly authorized officer of each Federal reserve bank which shall have participated in such conferences or negotiations."

SEC. 11. (a) Section 19 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended (U.S.C., title 12, secs. 142, 374, 461-466; Supp. VI, title 12, sec. 462a), is amended by inserting after the sixth paragraph thereof the following new paragraph:
"No member bank shall act as the medium or agent of any nonbanking corporation, partnership, association, business trust, or individual in making loans on the security of stocks, bonds, and other investment securities to brokers or dealers in stocks, bonds, and other investment securities. Every violation of this provision by any member bank shall be punishable by a fine of not more than $100 per day during the continuance of such violation; and such fine may be collected, by suit or otherwise, by the Federal reserve bank of the district in which such member bank is located."

(b) Such section 19 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, is further amended by adding at the end thereof the following new paragraphs:
"No member bank shall, directly or indirectly by any device whatsoever, pay any interest on any deposit which is payable on demand: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be construed as prohibiting the payment of interest in accordance with the terms of any certificate of deposit or other contract heretofore entered into in good faith which is in force on the date of the enactment of this paragraph; but no such certificate of deposit or other contract shall be renewed or extended unless it shall be modified to conform to this paragraph, and every member bank shall take such action as may be necessary to conform to this paragraph as soon as possible consistently with its contractual obligations: Provided, however, That this paragraph shall not apply to any deposit of such bank which is payable only at an office thereof located in a foreign country, and shall not apply to any deposit made by a mutual savings bank, nor to any deposit of public funds made by or on behalf of any State, county, school district, or other subdivision or municipality, with respect to which payment of interest is required under State law.
"The Federal Reserve Board shall from time to time limit by regulation the rate of interest which may be paid by member banks on time deposits, and may prescribe different rates for such payment on time and savings deposits having different maturities or subject to different conditions respecting withdrawal or repayment or subject to different conditions by reasons of different locations. No member bank shall pay any time deposit before its maturity, or waive any requirement of notice before payment of any savings deposit except as to all savings deposits having the same requirement."

(c) Section 8 of the Act entitled "An Act to establish postal savings depositories for depositing savings at interest with the security of the Government for repayment thereof, and for other purposes", approved June 25, 1910, as amended (U.S.C., title 39, sec. 758), is amended by striking out the first sentence thereof and