PUBLIC LAW 95-109—SEPT. 20, 1977

is being achieved and a summary of the enforcement actions taken by the Commission under section 814 of this title.
"(b) In the exercise of its functions under this title, the Commission may obtain upon request the views of any other Federal agency which exercises enforcement functions under section 814 of this title.
"§ 816. Relation to State laws
"This title does not annul, alter, or affect, or exempt any person subject to the provisions of this title from complying with the laws of any State with respect to debt collection practices, except to the extent that those laws are inconsistent with any provision of this title, and then only to the extent of the inconsistency. For purposes of this section, a State law is not inconsistent with this title if the protection such law affords any consumer is greater than the protection provided by this title.
"§ 817. Exemption for State regulation
"The Commission shall by regulation exempt from the requirements of this title any class of debt collection practices within any State if the Commission determines that under the law of that State that class of debt collection practices is subject to requirements substantially similar to those imposed by this title, and that there is adequate provision for enforcement.

"§ 818. Effective date
"This title takes effect upon the expiration of six months after the date of its enactment, but section 809 shall apply only with respect to debts for which the initial attempt to collect occurs after such effective date.".

Approved September 20, 1977.

LEGISLATIVE HISTORY:

HOUSE REPORT No. 95-131 (Comm. on Banking, Finance, and Urban Affairs). 
SENATE REPORT No. 95-382 (Comm. on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs). 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD, Vol. 123 (1977): 
  Apr. 4, considered and passed House. 
  Aug. 5, considered and passed Senate, amended. 
  Sept. 8, House agreed to Senate amendment.
WEEKLY COMPILATION OF PRESIDENTIAL DOCUMENTS, Vol. 13, No. 39: 
  Sept. 20, Presidential statement.