PUBLIC LAW 95-109—SEPT. 20, 1977                         91 STAT. 881

§ 813. Civil liability
    "(a) Except as otherwise provided by this section, any debt col- 15 USC 1692k.
lector who fails to comply with any provision of this title with respect 
to any person is liable to such person in an amount equal to the sum 
of—
    "(1) any actual damage sustained by such person as a result 
  of such failure; 
    "(2) (A) in the case of any action by an individual, such addi- 
  tional damages as the court may allow, but not exceeding $1,000; 
  or
    "(B) in the case of a class action, (i) such amount for each 
  named plaintiff as could be recovered under subparagraph (A),
  and (ii) such amount as the court may allow for all other class 
  members, without regard to a minimum individual recovery, not 
  to exceed the lesser of $500,000 or 1 per centum of the net worth 
  of the debt collector; and 
    "(3) in the case of any successful action to enforce the fore- 
  going liability, the costs of the action, together with a reasonable 
  attorney's fee as determined by the court. On a finding by the 
  court that an action under this section was brought in bad faith 
  and for the purpose of harassment, the court may award to the
  defendant attorney's fees reasonable in relation to the work 
  expended and costs.
  "(b) In determining the amount of liability in any action under 
subsection (a), the court shall consider, among other relevant factors—
    "(1) in any individual action under subsection (a)(2)(A), the
 frequency and persistence of noncompliance by the debt collector,
 the nature of such noncompliance, and the extent to which such 
 noncompliance was intentional; or 
    "(2) in any class action under subsection (a)(2)(B), the fre- 
 quency and persistence of noncompliance by the debt collector, the 
 nature of such noncompliance, the resources of the debt collector, 
 the number of persons adversely affected, and the extent to which 
 the debt collector's noncompliance was intentional.
  "(c) A debt collector may not be held liable in any action brought 
 under this title if the debt collector shows by a preponderance of evi- 
 dence that the violation was not intentional and resulted from a bona 
 fide error notwithstanding the maintenance of procedures reasonably 
 adapted to avoid any such error.
  "(d) An action to enforce any liability created by this title may be 
 brought in any appropriate United States district court without regard 
 to the amount in controversy, or in any other court of competent juris- 
 diction, within one year from the date on which the violation occurs. 
  "(e) No provision of this section imposing any liability shall apply 
 to any act done or omitted in good faith in conformity with any 
 advisory opinion of the Commission, notwithstanding that after such 
 act or omission has occurred, such opinion is amended, rescinded, or 
 determined by judicial or other authority to be invalid for any reason. Jurisdiction.

§ 814. Administrative enforcement                                     15 USC 1692l.
    "(a) Compliance with this title shall be enforced by the Commis- 
 sion, except to the extent that enforcement of the requirements imposed 
 under this title is specifically committed to another agency under 
 subsection (b). For purpose of the exercise by the Commission of its 
 functions and powers under the Federal Trade Commission Act, a 
 violation of this title shall be deemed an unfair or deceptive act or 
 practice in violation of that Act. All of the functions and powers of     15 USC 58.