91 STAT. 882 		PUBLIC LAW 95-109—SEPT. 20, 1977

the Commission under the Federal Trade Commission Act are avail- 
able to the Commission to enforce compliance by any person with this 
title, irrespective of whether that person is engaged in commerce or 
meets any other jurisdictional tests in the Federal Trade Commission 
Act, including the power to enforce the provisions of this title in the 
same manner as if the violation had been a violation of a Federal 
Trade Commission trade regulation rule. 

"(b) Compliance with any requirements imposed under this title 
shall be enforced under— 
"(1) section 8 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, in the case 
of— 
"(A) national banks, by the Comptroller of the Currency; 
"(B) member banks of the Federal Reserve System (other 
than national banks), by the Federal Reserve Board; and 
"(C) banks the deposits or accounts of which are insured 
by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (other than 
members of the Federal Reserve System), by the Board of 
Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; 
"(2) section 5(d) of the Home Owners Loan Act of 1933, sec- 
tion 407 of the National Housing Act, and sections 6(i) and 17 
of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act, by the Federal Home Loan 
Bank Board (acting directly or through the Federal Savings and 
Loan Insurance Corporation), in the case of any institution sub- 
ject to any of those provisions; 
"(3) the Federal Credit Union Act, by the Administrator of 
the National Credit Union Administration with respect to any 
Federal credit union; 
"(4) the Acts to regulate commerce, by the Interstate Commerce 
Commission with respect to any common carrier subject to those 
Acts; 
"(5) the Federal Aviation Act of 1958, by the Civil Aeronautics 
49 USC 1301 Board with respect to any air carrier or any foreign air carrier 
note. 
subject to that Act; and 
"(6) the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921 (except as provided 
7 USC 181. in section 406 of that Act), by the Secretary of Agriculture with 
7 USC 226, 227. respect to any activities subject to that Act. 
"(c) For the purpose of the exercise by any agency referred to in 
subsection (b) of its powers under any Act referred to in that sub- 
section, a violation of any requirement imposed under this title shall 
be deemed to be a violation of a requirement imposed under that Act. 
In addition to its powers under any provision of law specifically 
referred to in subsection (b), each of the agencies referred to in that 
subsection may exercise, for the purpose of enforcing compliance with 
any requirement imposed under this title any other authority con- 
ferred on it by law, except as provided in subsection (d). 
"(d) Neither the Commission nor any other agency referred to in 
subsection (b) may promulgate trade regulation rules or other regula- 
tions with respect to the collection of debts by debt collectors as defined 
in this title. 
15 USC 1692m. "§ 815. Reports to Congress by the Commission 
"(a) Not later than one year after the effective date of this title and 
at one-year intervals thereafter, the Commission shall make reports to 
the Congress concerning the administration of its functions under this 
title, including such recommendations as the Commission deems neces- 
sary or appropriate. In addition, each report of the Commission shall 
include its assessment of the extent to which compliance with this title