PUBLIC LAW 109-173—FEB. 15, 2006                                                  119 STAT. 3607

SEC. 8. STUDIES OF FDIC STRUCTURE AND EXPENSES AND CERTAIN
            ACTIVITIES AND FURTHER POSSIBLE CHANGES TO
            DEPOSIT INSURANCE SYSTEM.

(a) STUDY BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL.—
        (1) STUDY REQUIRED.—The Comptroller General shall conduct a study of the following issues:
            (A) The efficiency and effectiveness of the administration of the prompt corrective action program under section 38 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act by the Federal banking agencies (as defined in section 3 of such Act), including the degree of effectiveness of such agencies in identifying troubled depository institutions and taking effective action with respect to such institutions, and the degree of accuracy of the risk assessments made by the Corporation.
            (B) The appropriateness of the organizational structure of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation for the mission of the Corporation taking into account—
                (i) the current size and complexity of the business of insured depository institutions (as such term is defined in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act);
                (ii) the extent to which the organizational structure contributes to or reduces operational inefficiencies that increase operational costs; and
                (iii) the effectiveness of internal controls.
        (2) REPORT TO THE CONGRESS.—The Comptroller General shall submit a report to the Congress before the end of the 1-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act containing the findings and conclusions of the Comptroller General with respect to the study required under paragraph (1) together with such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Comptroller General may determine to be appropriate.
(b) STUDY OF FURTHER POSSIBLE CHANGES TO DEPOSIT INSURANCE SYSTEM.—
        (1) STUDY REQUIRED.—The Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the National Credit Union Administration Board shall each conduct a study of the following:
            (A) The feasibility of establishing a voluntary deposit insurance system for deposits in excess of the maximum amount of deposit insurance for any depositor and the potential benefits and the potential adverse consequences that may result from the establishment of any such system.
            (B) The feasibility of increasing the limit on deposit insurance for deposits of municipalities and other units of general local government, and the potential benefits and the potential adverse consequences that may result from any such increase.
            (C) The feasibility of privatizing all deposit insurance of insured depository institutions and insured credit unions.
        (2) REPORT.—Before the end of the 1-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the National Credit Union Administration Board shall each submit a report