PUBLIC LAW 111-22—MAY 20, 2009

123 STAT. 1637

of Thrift Supervision, shall jointly submit a report to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives on the volume of mortgage modifications reported to the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Office of Thrift Supervision, under the mortgage metrics program of each such Office, during the previous quarter, including the following:
    (1) A copy of the data collection instrument currently used by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Office of Thrift Supervision to collect data on loan modifications.
    (2) The total number of mortgage modifications resulting in each of the following:
       (A) Additions of delinquent payments and fees to loan balances.
       (B) Interest rate reductions and freezes.
       (C) Term extensions.
       (D) Reductions of principal.
       (E) Deferrals of principal.
       (F) Combinations of modifications described in subparagraph (A), (B), (C), (D), or (E).
    (3) The total number of mortgage modifications in which the total monthly principal and interest payment resulted in the following:
       (A) An increase.
       (B) Remained the same.
       (C) Decreased less than 10 percent.
       (D) Decreased between 10 percent and 20 percent.
       (E) Decreased 20 percent or more.
    (4) The total number of loans that have been modified and then entered into default, where the loan modification resulted in—
       (A) higher monthly payments by the homeowner;
       (B) equivalent monthly payments by the homeowner;
       (C) lower monthly payments by the homeowner of up to 10 percent;
       (D) lower monthly payments by the homeowner of between 10 percent to 20 percent; or
       (E) lower monthly payments by the homeowner of more than 20 percent.
(b) DATA COLLECTION.—
    (1) REQUIRED.—
       (A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller of the Currency and the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision, shall issue mortgage modification data collection and reporting requirements to institutions covered under the reporting requirement of the mortgage metrics program of the Comptroller or the Director.
       (B) INCLUSIVENESS OF COLLECTIONS.—The requirements under subparagraph (A) shall provide for the collection of all mortgage modification data needed by the Comptroller of the Currency and the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision to fulfill the reporting requirements under subsection (a).
       (2) REPORT.—The Comptroller of the Currency shall report all requirements established under paragraph (1) to each committee receiving the report required under subsection (a).