PUBLIC LAW 111–22—MAY 20, 2009

“(2) the servicer shall be deemed to have satisfied the 
duty set forth in paragraph (1) if, before December 31, 2012, 
the servicer implements a qualified loss mitigation plan that 
meets the following criteria: 
Deadline. 
Criteria. 
“(A) Default on the payment of such mortgage has 
occurred, is imminent, or is reasonably foreseeable, as such terms are defined by guidelines issued by the Secretary 
of the Treasury or his designee under the Emergency Eco
nomic Stabilization Act of 2008. 
“(B) The mortgagor occupies the property securing the 
mortgage as his or her principal residence. 
“(C) The servicer reasonably determined, consistent 
with the guidelines issued by the Secretary of the Treasury or his designee, that the application of such qualified loss 
mitigation plan to a mortgage or class of mortgages will 
likely provide an anticipated recovery on the outstanding principal mortgage debt that will exceed the anticipated 
recovery through foreclosures. 
“(b) NO LIABILITY.—A servicer that is deemed to be acting 
in the best interests of all investors or other parties under this 
section shall not be liable to any party who is owed a duty under 
subsection (a)(1), and shall not be subject to any injunction, stay, or other equitable relief to such party, based solely upon the 
implementation by the servicer of a qualified loss mitigation plan. 
“(c) STANDARD INDUSTRY PRACTICE.—The qualified loss mitigation plan guidelines issued by the Secretary of the Treasury under 
the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 shall constitute standard industry practice for purposes of all Federal and State 
laws. 
“(d) SCOPE OF SAFE HARBOR.—Any person, including a trustee, issuer, and loan originator, shall not be liable for monetary damages 
or be subject to an injunction, stay, or other equitable relief, based 
solely upon the cooperation of such person with a servicer when 
such cooperation is necessary for the servicer to implement a qualified loss mitigation plan that meets the requirements of subsection 
(a). 
“(e) REPORTING.—Each servicer that engages in qualified loss 
mitigation plans under this section shall regularly report to the Secretary of the Treasury the extent, scope, and results of the 
servicer’s modification activities. The Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe regulations or guidance specifying the form, content, 
and timing of such reports. 
“(f) DEFINITIONS.—As used in this section— 
“(1) the term ‘qualified loss mitigation plan’ means— 
“(A) a residential loan modification, workout, or other 
loss mitigation plan, including to the extent that the Sec
retary of the Treasury determines appropriate, a loan sale, real property disposition, trial modification, pre-foreclosure sale, and deed in lieu of foreclosure, that is described
authorized in guidelines issued by the Secretary of the Treasury or his designee under the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008; and 
Regulations. 
and or “(B) a refinancing of a mortgage under the Hope for Homeowners program; 
“(2) the term ‘servicer’ means the person responsible for 
the servicing for others of residential mortgage loans (including 
of a pool of residential mortgage loans); and