123 STAT. 1674          PUBLIC LAW 111-22—MAY 20, 2009

“(28) TENANT-BASED.—The term ‘tenant-based’ means, with respect to rental assistance, assistance that—
  “(A) allows an eligible person to select a housing unit in which such person will live using rental assistance provided under subtitle C, except that if necessary to assure that the provision of supportive services to a person participating in a program is feasible, a recipient or project sponsor may require that the person live—
    “(i) in a particular structure or unit for not more than the first year of the participation;
    “(ii) within a particular geographic area for the full period of the participation, or the period remaining after the period referred to in subparagraph (A); and
  “(B) provides that a person may receive such assistance and move to another structure, unit, or geographic area if the person has complied with all other obligations of the program and has moved out of the assisted dwelling unit in order to protect the health or safety of an individual who is or has been the victim of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, or stalking, and who reasonably believed he or she was imminently threatened by harm from further violence if he or she remained in the assisted dwelling unit.
“(29) TRANSITIONAL HOUSING.—The term ‘transitional housing’ means housing the purpose of which is to facilitate the movement of individuals and families experiencing homelessness to permanent housing within 24 months or such longer period as the Secretary determines necessary.
“(30) UNIFIED FUNDING AGENCY.—The term ‘unified funding agency’ means a collaborative applicant that performs the duties described in section 402(g).
“(31) UNDERSERVED POPULATIONS.—The term ‘underserved populations’ includes populations underserved because of geographic location, underserved racial and ethnic populations, populations underserved because of special needs (such as language barriers, disabilities, alienage status, or age), and any other population determined to be underserved by the Secretary, as appropriate.
“(32) VICTIM SERVICE PROVIDER.—The term ‘victim service provider’ means a private nonprofit organization whose primary mission is to provide services to victims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, or stalking. Such term includes rape crisis centers, battered women’s shelters, domestic violence transitional housing programs, and other programs.
“(33) VICTIM SERVICES.—The term ‘victim services’ means services that assist domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, or stalking victims, including services offered by rape crisis centers and domestic violence shelters, and other organizations, with a documented history of effective work concerning domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, or stalking.”.

SEC. 1102. COMMUNITY HOMELESS ASSISTANCE PLANNING BOARDS.

Subtitle A of title IV of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11361 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 401 (as added by section 1101(3) of this division) the following new section: