PUBLIC LAW 111–22—MAY 20, 2009       123 STAT. 1671

‘‘(II) substantially impedes the individual’s ability to live independently;
‘‘(III) could be improved by the provision of more suitable housing conditions; and
‘‘(IV) is a physical, mental, or emotional impairment, including an impairment caused by alcohol or drug abuse, post traumatic stress disorder, or brain injury;
‘‘(ii) is a developmental disability, as defined in section 102 of the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 15002); or
‘‘(iii) is the disease of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome or any condition arising from the etiologic agency for acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
‘‘(B) RULE.—Nothing in clause (iii) of subparagraph (A) shall be construed to limit eligibility under clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (A).
‘‘(10) LEGAL ENTITY.—The term ‘legal entity’ means—
‘‘(A) an entity described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 501(c)(3)) and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code;
‘‘(B) an instrumentality of State or local government; or
‘‘(C) a consortium of instrumentalities of State or local governments that has constituted itself as an entity.
‘‘(11) METROPOLITAN CITY; URBAN COUNTY; NONENTITLEMENT AREA.—The terms ‘metropolitan city’, ‘urban county’, and ‘nonentitlement area’ have the meanings given such terms in section 102(a) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5302(a)).
‘‘(12) NEW.—The term ‘new’ means, with respect to housing, that no assistance has been provided under this title for the housing.
‘‘(13) OPERATING COSTS.—The term ‘operating costs’ means expenses incurred by a project sponsor operating transitional housing or permanent housing under this title with respect to—
‘‘(A) the administration, maintenance, repair, and security of such housing;
‘‘(B) utilities, fuel, furnishings, and equipment for such housing; or
‘‘(C) coordination of services as needed to ensure long-term housing stability.
‘‘(14) OUTPATIENT HEALTH SERVICES.—The term ‘outpatient health services’ means outpatient health care services, mental health services, and outpatient substance abuse services.
‘‘(15) PERMANENT HOUSING.—The term ‘permanent housing’ means community-based housing without a designated length of stay, and includes both permanent supportive housing and permanent housing without supportive services.
‘‘(16) PERSONALLY IDENTIFYING INFORMATION.—The term ‘personally identifying information’ means individually identifying information for or about an individual, including information likely to disclose the location of a victim of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, or stalking, including—