PUBLIC LAW 111–22—MAY 20, 2009

123 STAT. 1675

42 USC 11360a.

SEC. 402. COLLABORATIVE APPLICANTS.
(a) ESTABLISHMENT AND DESIGNATION.—A collaborative applicant shall be established for a geographic area by the relevant parties in that geographic area to— 
(1) submit an application for amounts under this subtitle; 
(2) perform the duties specified in subsection (f) and, if applicable, subsection (g). 
(b) NO REQUIREMENT TO BE A LEGAL ENTITY.—An entity may be established to serve as a collaborative applicant under this section without being a legal entity. 
(c) REMEDIAL ACTION.—If the Secretary finds that a collaborative applicant for a geographic area does not meet the requirements of this section, or if there is no collaborative applicant for a geographic area, the Secretary may take remedial action to ensure fair distribution of grant amounts under subtitle C to eligible entities within that area. Such measures may include designating another body as a collaborative applicant, or permitting other eligible entities to apply directly for grants.
(d) CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this section shall be construed to displace conflict of interest or government fair practices laws, or their equivalent, that govern applicants for grant amounts under subtitles B and C. 
(e) APPOINTMENT OF AGENT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Subject to paragraph (2), a collaborative applicant may designate an agent to— 
(A) apply for a grant under section 422(c); 
(B) receive and distribute grant funds awarded under subtitle C; and 
(C) perform other administrative duties. 
(2) RETENTION OF DUTIES.—Any collaborative applicant that designates an agent pursuant to paragraph (1) shall regardless of such designation retain all of its duties and responsibilities under this title. 
(f) DUTIES.—A collaborative applicant shall— 
(1) design a collaborative process for the development of an application under subtitle C, and for evaluating the outcomes of projects for which funds are awarded under subtitle B, in such a manner as to provide information necessary for the Secretary— 
(A) to determine compliance with— 
(i) the program requirements under section 426; and 
(ii) the selection criteria described under section 427; and 
(B) to establish priorities for funding projects in the geographic area involved; 
(2) participate in the Consolidated Plan for the geographic area served by the collaborative applicant; and 
(3) ensure operation of, and consistent participation by, project sponsors in a community-wide homeless management information system (in this subsection referred to as ‘HMIS’) that— 
(A) collects unduplicated counts of individuals and families experiencing homelessness; 
(B) analyzes patterns of use of assistance provided under subtitles B and C for the geographic area involved;