PUBLIC LAW 111–22—MAY 20, 2009

123 STAT. 1651 

institution holding companies as if they were insured depository institutions.
‘‘(III) REGULATIONS.—The Corporation shall prescribe such regulations as it deems necessary to implement this clause. In prescribing such regulations, defining terms, and setting the appropriate assessment rate or rates, the Corporation shall establish rates sufficient to cover the losses incurred as a result of the actions of the Corporation under clause (i) and shall consider: the types of entities that benefit from any action taken or assistance provided under this subparagraph; economic conditions, the effects on the industry, and such other factors as the Corporation deems appropriate and relevant to the action taken or the assistance provided. Any funds so collected that exceed actual losses shall be placed in the Deposit Insurance Fund.’’.

(e) ESTABLISHMENT OF A NATIONAL CREDIT UNION SHARE INSURANCE FUND RESTORATION PLAN PERIOD.—Section 202(c)(2) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1782(c)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph:
‘‘(D) FUND RESTORATION PLANS.—
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—Whenever—
‘‘(I) the Board projects that the equity ratio of the Fund will, within 6 months of such determination, fall below the minimum amount specified in subparagraph (C); or
‘‘(II) the equity ratio of the Fund actually falls below the minimum amount specified in subparagraph (C) without any determination under subclause (I) having been made,
the Board shall establish and implement a restoration plan within 90 days that meets the requirements of clause (ii) and such other conditions as the Board determines to be appropriate.
‘‘(ii) REQUIREMENTS OF RESTORATION PLAN.—A restoration plan meets the requirements of this clause if the plan provides that the equity ratio of the Fund will meet or exceed the minimum amount specified in subparagraph (C) before the end of the 8-year period beginning upon the implementation of the plan (or such longer period as the Board may determine to be necessary due to extraordinary circumstances).
‘‘(iii) TRANSPARENCY.—Not more than 30 days after the Board establishes and implements a restoration plan under clause (i), the Board shall publish in the Federal Register a detailed analysis of the factors considered and the basis for the actions taken with regard to the plan.’’.

(f) TEMPORARY CORPORATE CREDIT UNION STABILIZATION FUND.—
(1) ESTABLISHMENT OF STABILIZATION FUND.—Title II of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1781 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: