PUBLIC LAW 111-22—MAY 20, 2009         123 STAT. 1693

“(i) FORMULA.—Such estimated grant amounts shall be determined by a formula, which shall be developed by the Secretary, by regulation, not later than the expiration of the 2-year period beginning upon the date of the enactment of the Homeless Emergency Assistance and Rapid Transition to Housing Act of 2009, that is based upon factors that are appropriate to allocate funds to meet the goals and objectives of this subtitle.

“(ii) COMBINATIONS OF CONSORTIA.—For a collaborative applicant that represents a combination or consortium of cities or counties, the estimated need amount shall be the sum of the estimated need amounts for the cities or counties represented by the collaborative applicant.

“(iii) AUTHORITY OF SECRETARY.—Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary shall increase the estimated need amount for a geographic area if necessary to provide 1 year of renewal funding for all expiring contracts entered into under this subtitle for the geographic area.

“(3) HOMELESSNESS COUNTS.—The Secretary shall not require that communities conduct an actual count of homeless people other than those described in paragraphs (1) through (4) of section 103(a) of this Act (42 U.S.C. 11302(a)).

“(c) ADJUSTMENTS.—The Secretary may adjust the formula described in subsection (b)(2) as necessary—

“(1) to ensure that each collaborative applicant has sufficient funding to renew all qualified projects for at least one year; and

“(2) to ensure that collaborative applicants are not discouraged from replacing renewal projects with new projects that the collaborative applicant determines will better be able to meet the purposes of this Act.

“SEC. 428. ALLOCATION OF AMOUNTS AND INCENTIVES FOR SPECIFIC ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES.

“(a) MINIMUM ALLOCATION FOR PERMANENT HOUSING FOR HOMELESS INDIVIDUALS AND FAMILIES WITH DISABILITIES.—

“(1) IN GENERAL.—From the amounts made available to carry out this subtitle for a fiscal year, a portion equal to not less than 30 percent of the sums made available to carry out subtitle B and this subtitle, shall be used for permanent housing for homeless individuals with disabilities and homeless families that include such an individual who is an adult or a minor head of household if no adult is present in the household.

“(2) CALCULATION.—In calculating the portion of the amount described in paragraph (1) that is used for activities that are described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall not count funds made available to renew contracts for existing projects under section 429.

“(3) ADJUSTMENT.—The 30 percent figure in paragraph (1) shall be reduced proportionately based on need under section 427(b)(2) in geographic areas for which subsection (e) applies in regard to subsection (d)(2)(A).