123 STAT. 1696          PUBLIC LAW 111–22—MAY 20, 2009

contributions in subsection (a) only when documented by a memo-
randum of understanding between the project sponsor and the
other entity that such services will be provided.
        “(c) COUNTABLE ACTIVITIES.—The contributions required under
subsection (a) may consist of—
            “(1) funding for any eligible activity described under section
        423; and
            “(2) subject to subsection (b), in-kind provision of services
        of any eligible activity described under section 423.

42 USC 11386e.	‘‘SEC. 431. APPEAL PROCEDURE.
       ‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—With respect to funding under this subtitle,
if certification of consistency with the consolidated plan pursuant
to section 403 is withheld from an applicant who has submitted
an application for that certification, such applicant may appeal
such decision to the Secretary.
       ‘‘(b) PROCEDURE.—The Secretary shall establish a procedure
to process the appeals described in subsection (a). 
Deadlines.		‘‘(c) DETERMINATION.—Not later than 45 days after the date
of receipt of an appeal described in subsection (a), the Secretary
shall determine if certification was unreasonably withheld. If such
certification was unreasonably withheld, the Secretary shall review
such application and determine if such applicant shall receive
funding under this subtitle.’’.

Appropriation	
authorization.   SEC. 1306. RESEARCH.
       There is authorized to be appropriated $8,000,000, for each
of fiscal years 2010 and 2011, for research into the efficacy of
interventions for homeless families, to be expended by the Secretary
of Housing and Urban Development over the 2 years at 3 different
sites to provide services for homeless families and evaluate the
effectiveness of such services.

Homeless.	 
Grants.	         TITLE IV—RURAL HOUSING STABILITY
               ASSISTANCE PROGRAM

SEC. 1401. RURAL HOUSING STABILITY ASSISTANCE.
Subtitle G of title IV of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assist-
ance Act (42 U.S.C. 11408 et seq.) is amended—
(1) by striking the subtitle heading and inserting the fol-
lowing:

     ‘‘Subtitle G—Rural Housing
          Assistance Program’’; and
              
(2) in section 491—
    (A) by striking the section heading and inserting
        ‘‘RURAL HOUSING STABILITY GRANT PROGRAM.’’;
    (B) in subsection (a)—
         (i) by striking ‘‘rural homelessness grant program’’
             and inserting ‘‘rural housing stability grant program’’;
         (ii) by inserting ‘‘in lieu of grants under subtitle
             C’’ after ‘‘eligible organizations’’; and
         (iii) by striking paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), and inserting the following: