123 STAT. 1690           PUBLIC LAW 111–22—MAY 20, 2009

accounting procedures as may be necessary to assure the proper disbursal of, and accounting for, such funds in order to ensure that all financial transactions carried out with such funds are conducted, and records maintained, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
    ‘‘(6) to monitor and report to the Secretary the provision of matching funds as required by section 430;
    ‘‘(7) to take the educational needs of children into account when families are placed in emergency or transitional shelter and will, to the maximum extent practicable, place families with children as close as possible to their school of origin so as not to disrupt such children’s education; and
    ‘‘(8) to comply with such other terms and conditions as the Secretary may establish to carry out this subtitle in an effective and efficient manner.’’;
    (2) by redesignating subsection (d) as subsection (c);
    (3) in the first sentence of subsection (c) (as so redesignated by paragraph (2) of this subsection), by striking ‘‘recipient’’ and inserting ‘‘recipient or project sponsor’’;
    (4) by striking subsection (e);
    (5) by redesignating subsections (f), (g), and (h), as subsections (d), (e), and (f), respectively;
    (6) in the first sentence of subsection (e) (as so redesignated by paragraph (5) of this section), by striking ‘‘recipient’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘recipient or project sponsor’’;
    (7) by striking subsection (i); and
    (8) by redesignating subsection (j) as subsection (g).

SEC. 1305. SELECTION CRITERIA, ALLOCATION AMOUNTS, AND FUNDING.

The McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act is amended—
    (1) by repealing section 429 (42 U.S.C. 11389); and
    (2) by redesignating sections 427 and 428 (42 U.S.C. 11387, 11388) as sections 432 and 433, respectively;
    (3) by inserting after section 426 the following new sections:

      ‘‘SEC. 427. SELECTION CRITERIA.
        ‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall award funds to recipients through a national competition between geographic areas based on criteria established by the Secretary.
        ‘‘(b) REQUIRED CRITERIA.—
            ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The criteria established under subsection (a) shall include—
                ‘‘(A) the previous performance of the recipient regarding homelessness, including performance related to funds provided under section 412 (except that recipients applying from geographic areas where no funds have been awarded under this subtitle, or under subtitles C, D, E, or F of title IV of this Act, as in effect prior to the date of the enactment of the Homeless Emergency Assistance and Rapid Transition to Housing Act of 2009, shall receive full credit for performance under this subparagraph), measured by criteria that shall be announced by the Secretary, that shall take into account barriers faced by individual homeless people, and that shall include—
                    ‘‘(i) the length of time individuals and families remain homeless;