PUBLIC LAW 111-22—MAY 20, 2009

SEC. 421. PURPOSES.
The purposes of this subtitle are—
(1) to promote community-wide commitment to the goal 
of ending homelessness;
(2) to provide funding for efforts by nonprofit providers 
and State and local governments to quickly rehouse homeless 
individuals and families while minimizing the trauma and dis-
location caused to individuals, families, and communities by 
homelessness;
(3) to promote access to, and effective utilization of, main-
stream programs described in section 203(a)(7) and programs 
funded with State or local resources; and
(4) to optimize self-sufficiency among individuals and fami-
lies experiencing homelessness.

SEC. 422. CONTINUUM OF CARE APPLICATIONS AND GRANTS.

(a) PROJECTS.—The Secretary shall award grants, on a 
competitive basis, and using the selection criteria described in sec-
tion 427, to carry out eligible activities under this subtitle for 
projects that meet the program requirements under section 426, 
either by directly awarding funds to project sponsors or by awarding 
funds to unified funding agencies. 

(b) NOTIFICATION OF FUNDING AVAILABILITY.—The Secretary 
shall release a notification of funding availability for grants awarded 
under this subtitle for a fiscal year not later than 3 months after 
the date of the enactment of the appropriate Act making appropria-
tions for the Department of Housing and Urban Development for 
such fiscal year.

(c) APPLICATIONS.—

(1) SUBMISSION TO THE SECRETARY.—To be eligible to 
receive a grant under subsection (a), a project sponsor or unified 
funding agency in a geographic area shall submit an application 
to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the 
Secretary may require, and containing such information as 
the Secretary determines necessary—
(A) to determine compliance with the program require-
ments and selection criteria under this subtitle; and
(B) to establish priorities for funding projects in the 
geographic area.
(2) ANNOUNCEMENT OF AWARDS.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in subparagraph 
(B), the Secretary shall announce, within 5 months after 
the last date for the submission of applications described 
in this subsection for a fiscal year, the grants conditionally 
awarded under subsection (a) for that fiscal year.
(B) TRANSITION.—For a period of up to 2 years begin-
ning after the effective date under section 1503 of the 
Homeless Emergency Assistance and Rapid Transition to 
Housing Act of 2009, the Secretary shall announce, within 
6 months after the last date for the submission of applica-
tions described in this subsection for a fiscal year, the 
grants conditionally awarded under subsection (a) for that 
fiscal year.

(d) OBLIGATION, DISTRIBUTION, AND UTILIZATION OF FUNDS.—

(1) REQUIREMENTS FOR OBLIGATION.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 9 months after the 
announcement referred to in subsection (c)(2), each