PUBLIC LAW 111–22—MAY 20, 2009
123 STAT. 1695

families with children and youth defined as homeless under other Federal statutes.
‘‘(c) INCENTIVES FOR SUCCESSFUL IMPLEMENTATION OF PROVEN STRATEGIES.—If any geographic area demonstrates that it has fully implemented any of the activities described in subsection (d) for all homeless individuals and families or for all members of sub-populations for whom such activities are targeted, that geographic area shall receive the bonus or incentive provided under subsection (d), but may use such bonus or incentive for any eligible activity under either section 423 or paragraphs (4) and (5) of section 415(a) for homeless people generally or for the relevant subpopulation.

‘‘SEC. 429. RENEWAL FUNDING AND TERMS OF ASSISTANCE FOR PERMANENT HOUSING.

‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—Renewal of expiring contracts for leasing, rental assistance, or operating costs for permanent housing contracts may be funded either—
‘‘(1) under the appropriations account for this title; or
‘‘(2) the section 8 project-based rental assistance account.
‘‘(b) RENEWALS.—The sums made available under subsection (a) shall be available for the renewal of contracts in the case of tenant-based assistance, successive 1-year terms, and in the case of project-based assistance, successive terms of up to 15 years at the discretion of the applicant or project sponsor and subject to the availability of annual appropriations, for rental assistance and housing operation costs associated with permanent housing projects funded under this subtitle, or under subtitle C or F (as in effect on the day before the effective date of the Homeless Emergency Assistance and Rapid Transition to Housing Act of 2009). The Secretary shall determine whether to renew a contract for such a permanent housing project on the basis of certification by the collaborative applicant for the geographic area that—
‘‘(1) there is a demonstrated need for the project; and
‘‘(2) the project complies with program requirements and appropriate standards of housing quality and habitability, as determined by the Secretary.
‘‘(c) CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this section shall be construed as prohibiting the Secretary from renewing contracts under this subtitle in accordance with criteria set forth in a provision of this subtitle other than this section.

‘‘SEC. 430. MATCHING FUNDING.

‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—A collaborative applicant in a geographic area in which funds are awarded under this subtitle shall specify contributions from any source other than a grant awarded under this subtitle, including renewal funding of projects assisted under subtitles C, D, and F of this title as in effect before the effective date under section 1503 of the Homeless Emergency Assistance and Rapid Transition to Housing Act of 2009, that shall be made available in the geographic area in an amount equal to not less than 25 percent of the funds provided to recipients in the geographic area, except that grants for leasing shall not be subject to any match requirement.
‘‘(b) LIMITATIONS ON IN-KIND MATCH.—The cash value of services provided to the residents or clients of a project sponsor by an entity other than the project sponsor may count toward the