123 STAT. 1688          PUBLIC LAW 111–22—MAY 20, 2009

"(1) for any of the eligible activities described in section 423; or
"(2) for any of the eligible activities described in paragraphs (d) and (5) of section 415(a).
"(d) DEFINITION OF HIGH-PERFORMING COMMUNITY.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘high-performing community’ means a geographic area that demonstrates through reliable data that all five of the following requirements are met for that geographic area:
"(1) TERM OF HOMELESSNESS.—The mean length of episodes of homelessness for that geographic area—
"(A) is less than 20 days; or
"(B) for individuals and families in similar circumstances in the preceding year was at least 10 percent less than in the year before.
"(2) FAMILIES LEAVING HOMELESSNESS.—Of individuals and families—
"(A) who leave homelessness, fewer than 5 percent of such individuals and families become homeless again at any time within the next 2 years; or
"(B) in similar circumstances who leave homelessness, the percentage of such individuals and families who become homeless again within the next 2 years has decreased by at least 20 percent from the preceding year.
"(3) COMMUNITY ACTION.—The communities that compose the geographic area have—
"(A) actively encouraged homeless individuals and families to participate in homeless assistance services available in that geographic area; and
"(B) included each homeless individual or family who sought homeless assistance services in the data system used by that community for determining compliance with this subsection.
"(4) EFFECTIVENESS OF PREVIOUS ACTIVITIES.—If recipients in the geographic area have used funding awarded under section 422(a) for eligible activities described in section 415(a) in previous years based on the authority granted under subsection (c), that such activities were effective at reducing the number of individuals and families who become homeless in that community.
"(5) FLEXIBILITY TO SERVE PERSONS DEFINED AS HOMELESS UNDER OTHER FEDERAL LAWS.—With respect to collaborative applicants exercising the authority under section 422(g) to serve homeless families with children and youth defined as homeless under other Federal statutes, effectiveness in achieving the goals and outcomes identified in subsection 427(b)(1)(F) according to such standards as the Secretary shall promulgate.
"(e) COOPERATION AMONG ENTITIES.—A collaborative applicant designated as a high-performing community under this section shall cooperate with the Secretary in distributing information about successful efforts within the geographic area represented by the collaborative applicant to reduce homelessness.”

SEC. 1304. PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS.
Section 426 of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11386) is amended—