123 STAT. 1668         PUBLIC LAW 111—22—MAY 20, 2009

all Federal agencies and committees of the House of Represent-
atives and the Senate having jurisdiction over any Federal
program to assist homeless individuals or families, local and
State governments, academic researchers who specialize in
homelessness, nonprofit housing and service providers that
receive funding under any Federal program to assist homeless
individuals or families, organizations advocating on behalf of
such nonprofit providers and homeless persons receiving
housing or services under any such Federal program, and home-
less persons receiving housing or services under any such Fed-
eral program, at which meeting such representatives shall dis-
cuss all issues relevant to whether the definitions of ‘homeless’
under paragraphs (1) through (4) of section 103(a) of the
McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, as amended by sec-
tion 1003 of the Homeless Emergency Assistance and Rapid
Transition to Housing Act of 2009, should be modified by the
Congress, including whether there is a compelling need for
a uniform definition of homelessness under Federal law, the
extent to which the differences in such definitions create bar-
riers for individuals to accessing services and to collaboration
between agencies, and the relative availability, and barriers
to access by persons defined as homeless, of mainstream pro-
grams identified by the Government Accountability Office in
the two reports identified in paragraph (7) of this subsection;
and shall submit transcripts of such meeting, and any majority
and dissenting recommendations from such meeting, to each
committee of the House of Representatives and the Senate
having jurisdiction over any Federal program to assist homeless
individuals or families not later than the expiration of the
60-day period beginning upon conclusion of such meeting.”.
      (4) in section 203(b)(1) (42 U.S.C. 11313(b))—
            (A) by striking “Federal” and inserting “national”;
            (B) by striking “, and” and inserting “and pay for
      expenses of attendance at meetings which are concerned
      with the functions or activities for which the appropriation
      is made;”;
      (5) in section 205(d) (42 U.S.C. 11315(d)), by striking “prop-
erty.” and inserting “property, both real and personal, public
and private, without fiscal year limitation, for the purpose
of aiding or facilitating the work of the Council.”; and
      (6) by striking section 208 (42 U.S.C. 11318) and inserting
the following:

“SEC. 208. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.

      “There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this
title $3,000,000 for fiscal year 2010 and such sums as may be
necessary for fiscal years 2011.  Any amounts appropriated to carry
out this title shall remain available until expended.”.
   (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection
(a) shall take effect on, and shall apply beginning on, the date
of the enactment of this division.