PUBLIC LAW 111-22—MAY 20, 2009
123 STAT. 1679

allocate nationally 20 percent of such amount for activities described in section 415. The Secretary shall be required to certify that such allocation will not adversely affect the renewal of existing projects under this subtitle and subtitle C for those individuals or families who are homeless.
    "(b) ALLOCATION.—An entity that receives a grant under section 412, and serves an area that includes 1 or more geographic areas (or portions of such areas) served by collaborative applicants that submit applications under subtitle C, shall allocate the funds made available through the grant to carry out activities described in section 415, in consultation with the collaborative applicants."; and
        (5) in section 414(b) (42 U.S.C. 11373(b)), as so redesignated by paragraph (3) of this section, by striking "amounts appropriated" and all that follows through "for any" and inserting "amounts appropriated under section 408 and made available to carry out this subtitle for any".

SEC. 1202. ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES.

The McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act is amended by striking section 415 (42 U.S.C. 11374), as so redesignated by section 1201(3) of this division, and inserting the following new section:

"SEC. 415. ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES.

    "(a) IN GENERAL.—Assistance provided under section 412 may be used for the following activities:
        "(1) The renovation, major rehabilitation, or conversion of buildings to be used as emergency shelters.
        "(2) The provision of essential services related to emergency shelter or street outreach, including services concerned with employment, health, education, family support services for homeless youth, substance abuse services, victim services, or mental health services, if—
            "(A) such essential services have not been provided by the local government during any part of the immediately preceding 12-month period or the Secretary determines that the local government is in a severe financial deficit;
            "(B) the use of assistance under this subtitle would complement the provision of those essential services.
        "(3) Maintenance, operation, insurance, provision of utilities, and provision of furnishings related to emergency shelter.
        "(4) Provision of rental assistance to provide short-term or medium-term housing to homeless individuals or families or individuals or families at risk of homelessness. Such rental assistance may include tenant-based or project-based rental assistance.
        "(5) Housing relocation or stabilization services for homeless individuals or families or individuals or families at risk of homelessness, including housing search, mediation or outreach to property owners, legal services, credit repair, providing security or utility deposits, utility payments, rental assistance for a final month at a location, assistance with moving costs, or other activities that are effective at—
            "(A) stabilizing individuals and families in their current housing; or
            "(B) quickly moving such individuals and families to other permanent housing.