PUBLIC LAW 111–22—MAY 20, 2009

final month at a location, assistance with moving costs, or other activities that—
``(A) are effective at moving homeless individuals and families immediately into housing; or
``(B) may benefit individuals and families who in the prior 6 months have been homeless, but are currently residing in permanent housing.
``(8) In the case of a collaborative applicant that is a legal entity, performance of the duties described under section 402(f)(3).
``(9) Operation of, participation in, and ensuring consistent participation by project sponsors in, a community-wide homeless management information system.
``(10) In the case of a collaborative applicant that is a legal entity, payment of administrative costs related to meeting the requirements described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 402(f), for which the collaborative applicant may use not more than 3 percent of the total funds made available in the geographic area under this subtitle for such costs.
``(11) In the case of a collaborative applicant that is a unified funding agency under section 402(g), payment of administrative costs related to meeting the requirements of that section, for which the unified funding agency may use not more than 3 percent of the total funds made available in the geographic area under this subtitle for such costs, in addition to funds used under paragraph (10).
``(12) Payment of administrative costs to project sponsors, for which each project sponsor may use not more than 10 percent of the total funds made available to that project sponsor through this subtitle for such costs.
``(b) MINIMUM GRANT TERMS.—The Secretary may impose minimum grant terms of up to 5 years for new projects providing permanent housing.
``(c) USE RESTRICTIONS.—
``(1) ACQUISITION, REHABILITATION, AND NEW CONSTRUCTION.—A project that consists of activities described in paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (a) shall be operated for the purpose specified in the application submitted for the project under section 422 for not less than 15 years.
``(2) OTHER ACTIVITIES.—A project that consists of activities described in any of paragraphs (3) through (12) of subsection (a) shall be operated for the purpose specified in the application submitted for the project under section 422 for the duration of the grant period involved.
``(3) CONVERSION.—If the recipient or project sponsor carrying out a project that provides transitional or permanent housing submits a request to the Secretary to carry out instead a project for the direct benefit of low-income persons, and the Secretary determines that the initial project is no longer needed to provide transitional or permanent housing, the Secretary may approve the project described in the request and authorize the recipient or project sponsor to carry out that project.
``(d) REPAYMENT OF ASSISTANCE AND PREVENTION OF UNDUE BENEFITS.—
``(1) REPAYMENT.—If a recipient or project sponsor receives assistance under section 422 to carry out a project that consists