PUBLIC LAW 111-22—MAY 20, 2009          123 STAT. 1669

TITLE I—HOUSING ASSISTANCE
GENERAL PROVISIONS

SEC. 1101. DEFINITIONS.
Subtitle A of title IV of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11361 et seq.) is amended—
(1) by striking the subtitle heading and inserting the following:

"Subtitle A—General Provisions";

(2) by redesignating sections 401 and 402 (42 U.S.C. 11361, 11362) as sections 403 and 406, respectively; and
(3) by inserting before section 403 (as so redesignated by paragraph (2) of this section) the following new section:
  "SEC. 401. DEFINITIONS.
  "For purposes of this title:
    "(1) AT RISK OF HOMELESSNESS.—The term ‘at risk of homelessness’ means, with respect to an individual or family, that the individual or family—
      "(A) has income below 30 percent of median income for the geographic area;
      "(B) has insufficient resources immediately available to attain housing stability; and
      "(C)(i) has moved frequently because of economic reasons;
        "(ii) is living in the home of another because of economic hardship;
        "(iii) has been notified that their right to occupy their current housing or living situation will be terminated;
        "(iv) lives in a hotel or motel;
        "(v) lives in severely overcrowded housing;
        "(vi) is exiting an institution; or
        "(vii) otherwise lives in housing that has characteristics associated with instability and an increased risk of homelessness.
    Such term includes all families with children and youth defined as homeless under other Federal statutes.
    "(2) CHRONICALLY HOMELESS.—
      "(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘chronically homeless’ means, with respect to an individual or family, that the individual or family—
        "(i) is homeless and lives or resides in a place not meant for human habitation, a safe haven, or in an emergency shelter;
        "(ii) has been homeless and living or residing in a place not meant for human habitation, a safe haven, or in an emergency shelter continuously for at least 1 year or on at least 4 separate occasions in the last 3 years; and
        "(iii) has an adult head of household (or a minor head of household if no adult is present in the household) with a diagnosable substance use disorder, serious mental illness, developmental disability (as