123 STAT. 1662      PUBLIC LAW 111–22—MAY 20, 2009

assistance under this subsection resides, the immediate successor in interest in such property pursuant to the foreclosure shall assume such interest subject to the lease between the prior owner and the tenant and to the housing assistance payments contract between the prior owner and the public housing agency for the occupied unit, except that this provision and the provisions related to foreclosure in subparagraph (C) shall not shall not affect any State or local law that provides longer time periods or other additional protections for tenants.’’.

SEC. 704. SUNSET.

This title, and any amendments made by this title are repealed, and the requirements under this title shall terminate, on December 31, 2012.

                                  TITLE VIII—COMPTROLLER GENERAL
                                          ADDITIONAL AUDIT AUTHORITIES

SEC. 801. COMPTROLLER GENERAL ADDITIONAL AUDIT AUTHORITIES.

 (a) BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM.—
Section 714 of title 31, United States Code, is amended—
            (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Federal Reserve Board,’’ 
and inserting ‘‘Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System (in this section referred to as the ‘Board’),’’; and
            (2) in subsection (b)—
                  (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking 
‘‘Federal Reserve Board,’’ and inserting ‘‘Board,’’; and
                  (B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘of Governors’’.

 (b) CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.—Section 714(c) of title 31, 
United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (3) and 
inserting the following:
            ‘‘(3) Except as provided under paragraph (4), an officer 
or employee of the Government Accountability Office may not 
disclose to any person outside the Government Accountability
Office information obtained in audits or examinations conducted 
under subsection (e) and maintained as confidential by the 
Board or the Federal reserve banks.
            ‘‘(4) This subsection shall not—
                  ‘‘(A) authorize an officer or employee of an agency 
to withhold information from any committee or subcommittee of jurisdiction of Congress, or any member of 
such committee or subcommittee; or
                  ‘‘(B) limit any disclosure by the Government Account- 
ability Office to any committee or subcommittee of jurisdic- 
tion of Congress, or any member of such committee or 
subcommittee.’’.
(c) ACCESS TO RECORDS.—Section 714(d) of title 31, United
States Code, is amended—
            (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘The Comptroller General 
shall have access to the officers, employees, contractors, and 
other agents and representatives of an agency and any entity 
established by an agency at any reasonable time as the Comp- 
troller General may request. The Comptroller General may 
make and retain copies of such books, accounts, and other 
records as the Comptroller General determines appropriate.’’ 
after the first sentence;