123 STAT. 1670

PUBLIC LAW 111–22—MAY 20, 2009

defined in section 102 of the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 15002)), post traumatic stress disorder, cognitive impairments resulting from a brain injury, or chronic physical illness or disability, including the co-occurrence of 2 or more of those conditions.

"(B) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—A person who currently lives or resides in an institutional care facility, including a jail, substance abuse or mental health treatment facility, hospital or other similar facility, and has resided there for fewer than 90 days shall be considered chronically homeless if such person met all of the requirements described in subparagraph (A) prior to entering that facility.

"(3) COLLABORATIVE APPLICANT.—The term 'collaborative applicant' means an entity that—
   "(A) carries out the duties specified in section 402;
   "(B) serves as the applicant for project sponsors who jointly submit a single application for a grant under subtitle C in accordance with a collaborative process; and
   "(C) if the entity is a legal entity and is awarded such grant, receives such grant directly from the Secretary.
   
"(4) COLLABORATIVE APPLICATION.—The term 'collaborative application' means an application for a grant under subtitle C that—
   "(A) satisfies section 422; and
   "(B) is submitted to the Secretary by a collaborative applicant.
   
"(5) CONSOLIDATED PLAN.—The term 'Consolidated Plan' means a comprehensive housing affordability strategy and community development plan required in part 91 of title 24, Code of Federal Regulations.

"(6) ELIGIBLE ENTITY.—The term 'eligible entity' means, with respect to a subtitle, a public entity, a private entity, or an entity that is a combination of public and private entities, that is eligible to directly receive grant amounts under such subtitle.

"(7) FAMILIES WITH CHILDREN AND YOUTH DEFINED AS HOMELESS UNDER OTHER FEDERAL STATUTES.—The term 'families with children and youth defined as homeless under other Federal statutes' means any children or youth that are defined as 'homeless' under any Federal statute other than this subtitle, but are not defined as homeless under section 103, and shall also include the parent, parents, or guardian of such children or youth under subtitle B of title VII this Act (42 U.S.C. 11431 et seq.).

"(8) GEOGRAPHIC AREA.—The term 'geographic area' means a State, metropolitan city, urban county, town, village, or other nonentitlement area, or a combination or consortia of such, in the United States, as described in section 102 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5306).

"(9) HOMELESS INDIVIDUAL WITH A DISABILITY.—
    "(A) IN GENERAL.—The term 'homeless individual with a disability' means an individual who is homeless, as defined in section 103, and has a disability that—
        "(i)(I) is expected to be long-continuing or of indefinite duration;