123 STAT. 1652               PUBLIC LAW 111-22—MAY 20, 2009

12 USC 1790e. "SEC. 217. TEMPORARY CORPORATE CREDIT UNION STABILIZATION
                               FUND.
         "(a) ESTABLISHMENT OF STABILIZATION FUND.—There is hereby
created in the Treasury of the United States a fund to be known
as the 'Temporary Corporate Credit Union Stabilization Fund.' The
Board will administer the Stabilization Fund as prescribed by sec-
tion 209.
         "(b) EXPENDITURES FROM STABILIZATION FUND.—Money in the
Stabilization Fund shall be available upon requisition by the Board,
without fiscal year limitation, for making payments for the purposes
described in section 203(a), subject to the following additional
limitations:
              "(1) All payments other than administrative payments shall
                    be connected to the conservatorship, liquidation, or threatened
                    conservatorship or liquidation, of a corporate credit union.
              "(2) Prior to authorizing each payment the Board shall—
                        "(A) certify that, absent the existence of the Stabiliza-
                               tion Fund, the Board would have made the identical pay-
                               ment out of the National Credit Union Share Insurance
                               Fund (Insurance Fund); and
                        "(B) report each such certification to the Committee
                               on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate
Reports.                     and the Committee on Financial Services of the House
                               of Representatives.
         "(c) AUTHORITY TO BORROW.—
              "(1) IN GENERAL.—The Stabilization Fund is authorized
                    to borrow from the Secretary of the Treasury from time to
                    time as deemed necessary by the Board. The maximum out-
                    standing amount of all borrowings from the Treasury by the
                    Stabilization Fund and the National Credit Union Share Insur-
                    ance Fund, combined, is limited to the amount provided for
                    in section 203(d)(1), including any authorized increases in that
                    amount.
              "(2) REPAYMENT OF ADVANCES.—
                        "(A) IN GENERAL.—The advances made under this sec-
                               tion shall be repaid by the Stabilization Fund, and interest
                               on such advance shall be paid, to the General Fund of
                               the Treasury.
                        "(B) VARIABLE RATE OF INTEREST.—The Secretary of
                               the Treasury shall make the first rate determination at
                               the time of the first advance under this section and shall
                               reset the rate again for all advances on each anniversary
                               of the first advance. The interest rate shall be equal to
                               the average market yield on outstanding marketable obliga-
                               tions of the United States with remaining periods to matu-
                               rity equal to 12 months.
              "(3) REPAYMENT SCHEDULE.—The Stabilization Fund shall
Deadline.          repay the advances on a first-in, first-out basis, with interest
                    on the amount repaid, at times and dates determined by the
                    Board at its discretion. All advances shall be repaid not later
                    than the date of the seventh anniversary of the first advance
                    to the Stabilization Fund, unless the Board extends this final
                    repayment date. The Board shall obtain the concurrence of
                    the Secretary of the Treasury on any proposed extension,
                    including the terms and conditions of the extended repayment.
Deadlines. "(d) ASSESSMENT TO REPAY ADVANCES.—At least 90 days prior
to each repayment described in subsection (c)(3), the Board shall