PUB. L. 94- 553-0CT. 19, 1976   
90 STAT. 2557

Statutory rates, basic pay schedule for the Postal Employees Act of 1978.  1. Express mail rate increase.

2. Administration of postal services in the absence of an appointed officer. Commencement or termination of lawful programs authorized by postal guidelines. 3. Budget procedures and rate increases; oversee the operating budget and make decisions concerning postal rates and charges as related to transportation expenditures.

4. Collaborate with other agencies for processing of mail and establish necessary procedural guidelines for implementation of updated automated systems. 5. Capital improvements projects for portions of program and determine allocation of funds for phases based on schedule and need by location.  Specify timeline for completion of identified projects.  The budget allows for diversion of funds to be applied to postal places as deemed necessary for emergency situations. 6. Monitor business practices, establish executive board for evaluation and recommendations.

Today, postal service is functioning better and more efficiently, as indicated by the technological advancements utilized by the management team as specified by updated versions of this act.

Proposals are to be addressed through by postal governing board.

Honoratory committee is comprised of:

- Director of academic faculty of postal operations, L.L. Heynes Phd

President, Board of Postal Projects.  A.T. Henderson,  Postal Manager- Budgetary Operations Division, Annual Report"

Edward S. Stoll

Legislative Historian

House Report 94-1000

Published by legislative historian and historian's assistant, Washington D.C.

ခံ-727-G-2015

Transmittal Acknowledged"

SEAL

Stamped: Jan. 15, 1977

Complete transcription of legislative articles.

Enacted: Feb. 1, 1978
  
HONORARY COMMITTEE: Dr. E Wallis, Head of Budgetary Operations.   Administrative Assistant to the President of Postal Funding Advisory Board.  A.N. Rawles, Administrations oversight Postal Operations.

SENATE REPORT 94-2001

Journal of Record: The Postal Community. Jan. 14, 1978

Published by Federal Government HISTORICAL PROJECTS OFFICE. Washington, D.C. 200

PRESIDENTIAL ACKNOWLEDGEMENT:

May 28. 1978