G:\COMP\CIVILRTS\CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968.XML

Sec. 803        CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968        20

process of securing legal custody of any individual who has not attained the age of 18 years.
    (l) “Conciliation” means the attempted resolution of issues raised by a complaint, or by the investigation of such complaint, through informal negotiations involving the aggrieved person, the respondent, and the Secretary.
    (m) “Conciliation agreement” means a written agreement setting forth the resolution of the issues in conciliation.
    (n) “Respondent” means—
            (1) the person or other entity accused in a complaint of an unfair housing practice; and
            (2) any other person or entity identified in the course of investigation and notified as required with respect to respondents so identified under section 810(a).
    (o) “Prevailing party” has the same meaning as such term has in section 722 of the Revised Statutes of the United States (42 U.S.C. 1988).
            [42 U.S.C. 3602]
                  EFFECTIVE DATES OF CERTAIN PROHIBITIONS
    Sec. 803. (a) Subject to the provisions of subsection (b) and section 807, the prohibitions against discrimination in the sale or rental of housing set forth in section 804 shall apply: The
        (1) Upon enactment of this title, to—
              (A) dwellings owned or operated by the Federal Government;
              (B) dwellings provided in whole or in part with the aid of loans, advances, grants, or contributions made by the Federal Government, under agreements entered into after November 20, 1962, unless payment due thereon has been made in full prior to the date of enactment of this title;
              (C) dwellings provided in whole or in part by loans insured, guaranteed, or otherwise secured by the credit of the Federal Government, under agreements entered into after November 20, 1962, unless payment thereon has been made in full prior to the date of enactment of this title: Provided, That nothing contained in subparagraphs (B) and (C) of this subsection shall be applicable to dwellings solely by virtue of the fact that they are subject to mortgages held by an FDIC or FSLIC institution; and
              (D) dwellings provided by the development or the redevelopment of real property purchased, rented, or otherwise obtained from a State or local public agency receiving Federal financial assistance for slum clearance or urban renewal with respect to such real property under loan or grant contracts entered into after November 20, 1962.
        (2) After December 31, 1968, to all dwellings covered by paragraph (1) and all other dwellings except as exempted by subsection (b).
        (b) Nothing in section 804 (other than subsection (c)) shall apply to—
            (1) any single-family house sold or rented by an owner: Provided, That such private individual owner does not

April 4, 2022                       As Amended Through P.L. 117-103, Enacted March 15, 2022