G:\COMP\CIVILRTS\CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968.XML

27

CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968

Sec. 808

to boards of officers or to himself, as shall be appropriate and in accordance with law.

(d) All executive departments and agencies shall administer their programs and activities relating to housing and urban development (including any Federal agency having regulatory or supervisory authority over financial institution) development in a manner affirmatively to further the purposes of this title and shall cooperate with the Secretary to further such purposes.

(e) The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall—
(1) make studies of the extent and nature of discriminatory housing practices in representative communities, urban, suburban, and rural throughout the United States;
(2) publish and disseminate reports, recommendations, and information derived from such studies, including an annual report to the Congress—
(A) specifying the nature and extent of progress made nationally in eliminating discriminatory housing practices and furthering the purposes of this title, obstacles remaining to achieving equal housing opportunity, and recommendations for further legislative or executive action; and
(B) containing tabulations of the number of instances (and the results thereof) in the preceding year in which—
(i) investigations are not completed as required by section 810(a)(1)(B);
(ii) determinations are not made within the time specified in section 810(g); and
(iii) hearings are not commenced or findings and conclusions are not made as required by section 812(g);
(3) cooperate with and render technical assistance to Federal, State, local, and other public or private agencies, organizations, and institutions which are formulating or carrying on programs to prevent or eliminate discriminatory housing practices;
(4) cooperate with and render such technical or other assistance to the Community Relations Service as may be appropriate to further its activities in preventing or eliminating discriminatory housing practices ⁹
(5) administer the programs and activities relating to housing and urban development in a manner affirmatively to further the policies of this title; and
(6) annually report to the Congress, and make available to the public, data on the race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, handicap, and family characteristics of persons and households who are applicants for, participants in, or beneficiaries or potential beneficiaries of, programs administered by the Department to the extent such characteristics are within the coverage of the provision of law and Executive orders referred to in subsection (f) which apply to such programs (and in order

_________________________
⁹ So in law. Probably needs a semicolon at end. See section 7(b) of Pub. L. 100–430, 102 Stat. 1624.

April 4, 2022 As Amended Through P.L. 117-103, Enacted March 15, 2022