G:\COMP\CIVILRTS\CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968.XML

                                  39         CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968            Sec. 814

importance, the Attorney General may commence a civil action in
any appropriate United States district court.
    (b) ON REFERRAL OF DISCRIMINATORY HOUSING PRACTICE OR
CONCILIATION AGREEMENT FOR ENFORCEMENT.—(1)(A) The Attor-
ney General may commence a civil action in any appropriate
United States district court for appropriate relief with respect to a
discriminatory housing practice referred to the Attorney General by
the Secretary under section 810(g).
    (B) A civil action under this paragraph may be commenced not
later than the expiration of 18 months after the date of the occur-
rence or the termination of the alleged discriminatory housing
practice.
    (2)(A) The Attorney General may commence a civil action in
any appropriate United States district court for appropriate relief
with respect to breach of a conciliation agreement referred to the
Attorney General by the Secretary under section 810(c).
    (B) A civil action may be commenced under this paragraph not
later than the expiration of 90 days after the referral of the alleged
breach under section 810(c).
    (c) ENFORCEMENT OF SUBPOENAS.—The Attorney General, on
behalf of the Secretary, or other party at whose request a subpoena
is issued, under this title, may enforce such subpoena in appro-
priate proceedings in the United States district court for the dis-
trict in which the person to whom the subpoena was addressed re-
sides, was served, or transacts business.
    (d) RELIEF WHICH MAY BE GRANTED IN CIVIL ACTIONS UNDER
SUBSECTIONS (a) AND (b).—(1) In a civil action under subsection (a)
or (b), the court—
        (A) may award such preventive relief, including a perma-
    nent or temporary injunction, restraining order, or other order
    against the person responsible for a violation of this title as is
    necessary to assure the full enjoyment of the rights granted by 
    this title;
        (B) may award such other relief as the court deems appro-
    priate, including monetary damages to persons aggrieved; and
        (C) may, to vindicate the public interest, assess a civil pen-
    alty against the respondent—
            (i) in an amount not exceeding $50,000, for a first vio-
        lation; and 
            (ii) in an amount not exceeding $100,000, for any sub-
        sequent violation. 
    (2) In a civil action under this section, the court, in its discre-
tion, may allow the prevailing party, other than the United States,
a reasonable attorney's fee and costs. The United States shall be
liable for such fees and costs to the extent provided by section 2412
of title 28, United States Code.
    (e) INTERVENTION IN CIVIL ACTIONS.—Upon timely application,
any person may intervene in a civil action commenced by the Attor-
ney General under subsection (a) or (b) which involves an alleged
discriminatory housing practice with respect to which such person
is an aggrieved person or a conciliation agreement to which such
person is a party. The court may grant such appropriate relief to
any such intervening party as is authorized to be granted to a
plaintiff in a civil action under section 813.


                                 April 4, 2022      As Amended Through P.L. 117-103, Enacted March 15, 2022