G:\COMP\CIVILRTS\CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968.XML

CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968 Sec. 808

(B) unoccupied units: Provided, That such units are reserved for occupancy by persons who meet the age requirements of subsections (2) (B) or (C). (4) Nothing in this title prohibits conduct against a person because such person has been convicted by any court of competent jurisdiction of the illegal manufacture or distribution of a controlled substance as defined in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802). (5)(A) A person shall not be held personally liable for monetary damages for a violation of this title if such person reasonably relied, in good faith, on the application of the exemption under this subsection relating to housing for older persons. (B) For the purposes of this paragraph, a person may only show good faith reliance on the application of the exemption by showing that— (i) such person has no actual knowledge that the facility or community is not, or will not be, eligible for such exemption; and (ii) the facility or community has stated formally, in writing, that the facility or community complies with the requirements for such exemption.

[42 U.S.C. 3607]

ADMINISTRATION

SEC. 808. (a) The authority and responsibility for administering this Act shall be in the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. 7 (b) The Department of Housing and Urban Development shall be provided an additional Assistant Secretary.

[Amends the Housing and Urban Development Act (Public Law 89–174), sections 4(a) and 7.]

(c) The Secretary may delegate any of his functions, duties and powers to employees of the Department of Housing and Urban Development or to boards of such employees, including functions, duties, and powers with respect to investigating, conciliating, hearing, determining, ordering, certifying, reporting, or otherwise acting as to any work, business, or matter under this title. The persons to whom such delegations are made with respect to hearing functions, duties, and powers shall be appointed and shall serve in the Department of Housing and Urban Development in compliance with sections 3105, 3344, 5372, and 7521 of title 5 of the United States Code. Insofar as possible, conciliation meetings shall be held in the cities or other localities where the discriminatory housing practices allegedly occurred. The Secretary shall by rule prescribe such rights of appeal from the decisions of his hearing examiners 8 to other hearing examiners 8 or to other officers in the Department,

April 4, 2022 As Amended through P.L. 117-103, Enacted March 15, 2022