G:\COMP\CIVILRTS\CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968.XML

Sec. 811 CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968                                                                32

reasonable cause exists to believe that a discriminatory housing practice has occurred or is about to occur, unless it is impracticable to do so, or unless the Secretary has approved a conciliation agree- ment with respect to the complaint. If the Secretary is unable to make the determination within 100 days after the filing of the com- plaint (or, when the Secretary takes further action under sub- section (f)(2) with respect to a complaint, within 100 days after the commencement of such further action), the Secretary shall notify the complainant and respondent in writing of the reasons for not doing so. 
(2)(A) If the Secretary determines that reasonable cause exists to believe that a discriminatory housing practice has occurred or is about to occur, the Secretary shall, except as provided in subpara- graph (C), immediately issue a charge on behalf of the aggrieved person, for further proceedings under section 812. 
(B) Such charge— 
(i) shall consist of a short and plain statement of the facts upon which the Secretary has found reasonable cause to be- lieve that a discriminatory housing practice has occurred or is about to occur; 
(ii) shall be based on the final investigative report; and 
(iii) need not be limited to the facts or grounds alleged in the complaint filed under section 810(a). 
(C) If the Secretary determines that the matter involves the le- gality of any State or local zoning or other land use law or ordi- nance, the Secretary shall immediately refer the matter to the At- torney General for appropriate action under section 814, instead of issuing such charge. 
(3) If the Secretary determines that no reasonable cause exists to believe that a discriminatory housing practice has occurred or is about to occur, the Secretary shall promptly dismiss the complaint. The Secretary shall make public disclosure of each such dismissal. 
(4) The Secretary may not issue a charge under this section re- garding an alleged discriminatory housing practice after the begin- ning of the trial of a civil action commenced by the aggrieved party under an Act of Congress or a State law, seeking relief with respect to that discriminatory housing practice. 
(h) SERVICE OF COPIES OF CHARGE.—After the Secretary issues a charge under this section, the Secretary shall cause a copy there- of, together with information as to how to make an election under section 812(a) and the effect of such an election, to be served— 
(1) on each respondent named in such charge, together with a notice of opportunity for a hearing at a time and place specified in the notice, unless that election is made; and
(2) on each aggrieved person on whose behalf the com- plaint was filed. [42 U.S.C. 3610] 

SUBPOENAS; GIVING OF EVIDENCE 
Sec. 811. (a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary may, in accordance with this subsection, issue subpoenas and order discovery in aid of investigations and hearings under this title. Such subpoenas and discovery may be ordered to the same extent and subject to the 

April 4, 2022
As Amended Through P.L. 117-103, Enacted March 15, 2022