G:\COMP\CIVILRTS\CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968.XML
   
31                 CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968                                                           Sec. 810
   
     (A) within the jurisdiction of a State or local public agency;
   and
     (B) as to which such agency has been certified by the Sec-
   retary under this subsection;
the Secretary shall refer such complaint to that certified agency be-
fore taking any action with respect to such complaint.
     (2) Except with the consent of such certified agency, the Sec-
retary, after that referral is made, shall take no further action with
respect to such complaint unless—
     (A) the certified agency has failed to commence pro-
ceedings with respect to the complaint before the end of the
 30th day after the date of such referral;
     (B) the certified agency, having so commenced such pro-
ceedings, fails to carry forward such proceedings with reason-
able promptness; or
     (C) the Secretary determines that the certified agency no
longer qualifies for certification under this subsection with re-
spect to the relevant jurisdiction.
     (3)(A) The Secretary may certify an agency under this sub-
section only if the Secretary determines that—
     (i) the substantive rights protected by such agency in the
 jurisdiction with respect to which certification is to be made;
    (ii) the procedures followed by such agency;
    (iii) the remedies available to such agency; and
    (iv) the availability of judicial review of such agency’s ac-
tion;
are substantially equivalent to those created by and under this
title.
     (B) Before making such certification, the Secretary shall take
into account the current practices and past performance, if any, of
such agency.
     (4) During the period which begins on the date of the enact-
ment of the Fair Housing Amendments Act of 1988 and ends 40
months after such date, each agency certified (including any agency
certified for interim referrals pursuant to 24 CFR 115.11, unless
such agency is subsequently denied recognition under 24 CFR
115.7) for the purposes of this title on the day before such date
shall for the purposes of this subsection be considered certified
under this subsection with respect to those matters for which such
agency was certified on that date. If the Secretary determines in
an individual case that an agency has not been able to meet the
certification requirements within this 40-month period due to ex-
ceptional circumstances, such as the infrequency of legislative ses-
sions in that jurisdiction, the Secretary may extend such period by
not more than 8 months.
     (5) Not less frequently than every 5 years, the Secretary shall
determine whether each agency certified under this subsection con-
tinues to qualify for certification. The Secretary shall take appro-
priate action with respect to any agency not so qualifying.
   (g) REASONABLE CAUSE DETERMINATION AND EFFECT.—(1) The
Secretary shall, within 100 days after the filing of the complaint
(or, where the Secretary takes further action under subsection (f)(2)
with respect to a complaint, within 100 days after the commence-
ment of such further action), determine based on the facts whether
   
April 4, 2022   

As Amended Through P.L. 117-103, Enacted March 15, 2022
