G:\COMP\CIVILRTS\CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968.XML

Sec. 812	CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968	36

practice is alleged to have occurred, and filing of the petition for review shall be not later than 30 days after the order is entered.

(j) COURT ENFORCEMENT OF ADMINISTRATIVE ORDER UPON PETITION BY SECRETARY.—(1) The Secretary may petition any United States court of appeals for the circuit in which the discriminatory housing practice is alleged to have occurred or in which any respondent resides or transacts business for the enforcement of the order of the administrative law judge and for appropriate temporary relief or restraining order, by filing in such court a written petition praying that such order be enforced and for appropriate temporary relief or restraining order.

(2) The Secretary shall file in court with the petition the record in the proceeding. A copy of such petition shall be forthwith transmitted by the clerk of the court to the parties to the proceeding before the administrative law judge.

(k) RELIEF WHICH MAY BE GRANTED.—(1) Upon the filing of a petition under subsection (j) or (i), the court may—
(A) grant to the petitioner, or any other party, such temporary relief, restraining order, or other order as the court deems just and proper;
(B) affirm, modify, or set aside, in whole or in part, the order, or remand the order for further proceedings; and
(C) enforce such order to the extent that such order is affirmed or modified.
(2) Any party to the proceeding before the administrative law judge may intervene in the court of appeals.
(3) No objection not made before the administrative law judge shall be considered by the court, unless the failure or neglect to urge such objection is excused because of extraordinary circumstances.

(l) ENFORCEMENT DECREE IN ABSENCE OF PETITION FOR REVIEW.—If no petition for review is filed under subsection (i) before the expiration of 45 days after the date the administrative law judge’s order is entered, the administrative law judge’s findings of fact and order shall be conclusive in connection with any petition for enforcement—
(1) which is filed by the Secretary under subsection (j) after the end of such day; or
(2) under subsection (m).

(m) COURT ENFORCEMENT OF ADMINISTRATIVE ORDER UPON PETITION OF ANY PERSON ENTITLED TO RELIEF.—If before the expiration of 60 days after the date the administrative law judge’s order is entered, no petition for review has been filed under subsection (i), and the Secretary has not sought enforcement of the order under subsection (j), any person entitled to relief under the order may petition for a decree enforcing the order in the United States court of appeals for the circuit in which the discriminatory housing practice is alleged to have occurred.

(n) ENTRY OF DECREE.—The clerk of the court of appeals in which a petition for enforcement is filed under subsection (j) or (m) shall forthwith enter a decree enforcing the order and shall transmit a copy of such decree to the Secretary, the respondent named in the petition, and to any other parties to the proceeding before the administrative law judge.

April 4, 2022	As Amended Through P.L. 117-103, Enacted March 15, 2022