G:\COMP\CIVILRTS\CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968.XML

Sec. 812             CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968                                         34

(c) RIGHTS OF PARTIES.—At a hearing under this section, each 
party may appear in person, be represented by counsel, present 
evidence, cross-examine witnesses, and obtain the issuance of sub-
poenas under section 811. Any aggrieved person may intervene as 
a party in the proceeding. The Federal Rules of Evidence apply to 
the presentation of evidence in such hearing as they would in a 
civil action in a United States district court.
(d) EXPEDITED DISCOVERY AND HEARING.—(1) Discovery in ad-
ministrative proceedings under this section shall be conducted as 
expeditiously and inexpensively as possible, consistent with the 
need of all parties to obtain relevant evidence.
(2) A hearing under this section shall be conducted as expedi-
tiously and inexpensively as possible, consistent with the needs and 
rights of the parties to obtain a fair hearing and a complete record.
(3) The Secretary shall, not later than 180 days after the date 
of enactment of this subsection, issue rules to implement this sub-
section.
(e) RESOLUTION OF CHARGE.—Any resolution of a charge before 
a final order under this section shall require the consent of the ag-
grieved person on whose behalf the charge is issued.
(f) EFFECT OF TRIAL OF CIVIL ACTION ON ADMINISTRATIVE PRO-
CEEDINGS.—An administrative law judge may not continue admin-
istrative proceedings under this section regarding any alleged dis-
criminatory housing practice after the beginning of the trial of a 
civil action commenced by the aggrieved party under an Act of Con-
gress or a State law, seeking relief with respect to that discrimina-
tory housing practice.
(g) HEARINGS, FINDINGS AND CONCLUSIONS, AND ORDER.—(1)
The administrative law judge shall commence the hearing under 
this section no later than 120 days following the issuance of the 
charge, unless it is impracticable to do so. If the administrative law 
judge is unable to commence the hearing within 120 days after the 
issuance of the charge, the administrative law judge shall notify 
the Secretary, the aggrieved person on whose behalf the charge 
was filed, and the respondent, in writing of the reasons for not 
doing so.
(2) The administrative law judge shall make findings of fact 
and conclusions of law within 60 days after the end of the hearing 
under this section, unless it is impracticable to do so. If the admin-
istrative law judge is unable to make findings of fact and conclu-
sions of law within such period, or any succeeding 60-day period 
thereafter, the administrative law judge shall notify the Secretary, 
the aggrieved person on whose behalf the charge was filed, and the 
respondent, in writing of the reasons for not doing so.
(3) If the administrative law judge finds that a respondent has 
engaged or is about to engage in a discriminatory housing practice, 
such administrative law judge shall promptly issue an order for 
such relief as may be appropriate, which may include actual dam-
ages suffered by the aggrieved person and injunctive or other equi-
table relief. Such order may, to vindicate the public interest, assess 
a civil penalty against the respondent—
(A) in an amount not exceeding $10,000 if the respondent
has not been adjudged to have committed any prior discrimina-
tory housing practice;

April 4, 2022                                                                 As Amended Through P.L. 117-103, Enacted March 15, 2022