G:\COMP\CIVILRTS\CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968.XML

                                                  CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968                                                         38
Sec. 814

no action may be filed under this subsection by such aggrieved per­ son with respect to the alleged discriminatory housing practice which forms the basis for such complaint except for the purpose of enforcing the terms of such an agreement. 
     (3) An aggrieved person may not commence a civil action under this subsection with respect to an alleged discriminatory housing practice which forms the basis of a charge issued by the Secretary if an administrative law Judge has commenced a hearing on the record under this title with respect to such charge.
     (b) Appointment of Attorney by Court.—Upon application by a person alleging a discriminatory housing practice or a person against whom such a practice is alleged, the court may—
          (1) appoint an attorney for such person; or
          (2) authorize the commencement or continuation of a civil action under subsection (a) without the payment of fees, costs, or security, if in the opinion of the court such person is finan­ cially unable to bear the costs of such action.
     (c) Relief Which May Be Granted.—(1) In a civil action 
under subsection (a), if the court finds that a discriminatory hous­ ing practice has occurred or is about to occur, the court may award to the plaintiff actual and punitive damages, and subject to sub­ section (d), may grant as relief, as the court deems appropriate, any permanent or temporary injunction, temporary restraining order, or other order (including an order enjoining the defendant from engaging in such practice or ordering such affirmative action as may be appropriate).
          (2) In a civil action under subsection (a), the court, in its dis­ cretion, may allow the prevailing party, other than the United States, a reasonable attorney's fee and costs. The United States shall be liable for such fees and costs to the same extent as a pri­ vate person.
     (d) Effect on Certain Sales, Encumbrances, and Rent­ als.—Relief granted under this section shall not affect any con­ tract, sale, encumbrance, or lease consummated before the granting of such relief and involving a bona fide purchaser, encumbrancer, or tenant, without actual notice of the filing of a complaint with the Secretary or civil action under this title.
     (e) Intervention by Attorney General.—Upon timely appli­ cation, the Attorney General may intervene in such civil action, if the Attorney General certifies that the case is of general public im­ portance. Upon such intervention the Attorney General may obtain such relief as would be available to the Attorney General under section 814(e) in a civil action to which such section applies.
                                                           [42 U.S.C. 3613]

                             ENFORCEMENT BY THE ATTORNEY GENERAL
   Sec. 814 (a) Pattern or Practice Cases.—Whenever the At­ torney General has reasonable cause to believe that any person or group of persons is engaged in a pattern or practice of resistance to the full enjoyment of any of the rights granted by this title, or that any group of persons has been denied any of the rights grant­ ed by this title and such denial raises an issue of general public
April 4, 2022                                                                                       As Amended Through P.L. 117–103, Enacted March 15, 2022