G:\COMP\CIVILRTS\CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968.XML

Sec. 805		CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968		24
(B) Determinations by a State or a unit of general local govern­ment under paragraphs (5) (A) and (B) shall not be conclusive in enforcement proceedings under this title.
(7) As used in this subsection, the term “covered multifamily dwellings” means—
(A) buildings consisting of 4 or more units if such buildings have one or more elevators; and
(B) ground floor units in other buildings consisting of 4 or more units.
(8) Nothing in this title shall be construed to invalidate or limit any law of a State or political subdivision of a State, or other jurisdiction in which this title shall be effective, that requires dwellings to be designed and constructed in a manner that affords handicapped persons greater access than is required by this title.
(9) Nothing in this subsection requires that a dwelling be made available to an individual whose tenancy would constitute a direct threat to the health or safety of other individuals or whose tenancy would result in substantial physical damage to the property of oth­ers.
[42 U.S.C. 3604]
DISCRIMINATION IN RESIDENTIAL REAL ESTATE-RELATED TRANSACTIONS
SEC. 805. (a) IN GENERAL.—It shall be unlawful for any person or other entity whose business includes engaging in residential real estate-related transactions to discriminate against any person in making available such a transaction, or in the terms or conditions of such a transaction, because of race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin.
(b) DEFINITION.—As used in this section, the term “residential real estate-related transaction” means any of the following:
(1) The making or purchasing of loans or providing other financial assistance—
(A) for purchasing, constructing, improving, repairing, or maintaining a dwelling; or
(B) secured by residential real estate.
(2) The selling, brokering, or appraising of residential real property.
(c) APPRAISAL EXEMPTION.—Nothing in this title prohibits a person engaged in the business of furnishing appraisals of real property to take into consideration factors other than race, color, religion, national origin, sex, handicap, or familial status.
[42 U.S.C. 3605]
DISCRIMINATION IN THE PROVISION OF BROKERAGE SERVICES
SEC. 806. After December 31, 1968, it shall be unlawful to deny any person access to or membership or participation in any mul­tiple-listing service, real estate brokers’ organization or other serv­ice, organization, or facility relating to the business of selling or renting dwellings, or to discriminate against him in the terms or conditions of such access, membership, or participation, on account of race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national ori­gin.
April 4, 2022									As Amended Through P.L. 117-103, Enacted March 15, 2022