G:\COMP\CIVILRTS\CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968.XML

                                                                                        19

                                                            CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968

                                                                                                                                                      Sec. 802

                                                              POLICY
Sec. 801. It is the policy of the United States to provide, with-in constitutional limitations, for fair housing throughout the United States.
                                                                    [42 U.S.C. 3601]
                                                           DEFINITIONS
Sec. 802. As used in this title—
(a) “Secretary” means the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.
(b) “Dwelling” means any building, structure, or portion thereof which is occupied as, or designed or intended for occupancy as, a residence by one or more families, and any vacant land which is offered for sale or lease for the construction or location thereon of any such building, structure, or portion thereof.
(c) “Family” includes a single individual.
(d) “Person” includes one or more individuals, corporations, partnerships, associations, labor organizations, legal representatives, mutual companies, joint-stock companies, trusts, unincorporated organizations, trustees, trustees in cases under title 11 of the United States Code, receivers, and fiduciaries.
(e) “To rent” includes to lease, to sublease, to let and otherwise to grant for a consideration the right to occupy premises not owned by the occupant.
(f) “Discriminatory housing practice” means an act that is unlawful under section 804, 805, 806, or 818.
(g) “State” means any of the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, or any of the territories and possessions of the United States.
(h) “Handicap” means, with respect to a person—
(1) a physical or mental impairment which substantially limits one or more of such person’s major life activities,
(2) a record of having such an impairment, or
(3) being regarded as having such an impairment, but such term does not include current, illegal use of or addiction to a controlled substance as defined in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802).
(i) “Aggrieved person” includes any person who—
(1) claims to have been injured by a discriminatory hous-ing practice; or
(2) believes that such person will be injured by a discrimi-natory housing practice that is about to occur.
(j) “Complainant” means the person (including the Secretary) who files a complaint under section 810.
(k) “Familial status” means one or more individuals (who have not attained the age of 18 years) being domiciled with—
(1) a parent or another person having legal custody of such individual or individuals; or
(2) the designee of such parent or other person having such custody, with the written permission of such parent or other person.
The protections afforded against discrimination on the basis of fa-milial status shall apply to any person who is pregnant or is in the

April 4, 2022                                                                As Amended Through P.L. 117-103, Enacted March 15, 2022