G:\COMP\CIVILRTS\CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968.XML

Sec. 601           CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968          18

               TITLE VI—EMPLOYMENT OF LEGAL COUNSEL
                                   APPROVAL
SEC. 601. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, if any 
application made by an Indian, Indian tribe, Indian council, or any 
band or group of Indians under any law requiring the approval of 
the Secretary of the Interior or the Commissioner of Indian Affairs 
of contracts or agreements relating to the employment of legal 
counsel (including the choice of counsel and the fixing of fees) by 
any such Indians, tribe, council, band, or group is neither granted 
nor denied within ninety days following the making of such appli-
cation, such approval shall be deemed to have been granted.
[25 U.S.C. 1331]

      TITLE VII—MATERIALS RELATING TO CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS OF INDIANS

             SECRETARY OF INTERIOR TO PREPARE
SEC. 701. (a) In order that the constitutional rights of Indians 
might be fully protected, the Secretary of the Interior is authorized
and directed to—
             (1) have the document entitled “Indian Affairs, Laws and 
      Treaties” (Senate Document Numbered 319, volumes 1 and 2, 
      Fifty-eighth Congress), revised and extended to include all trea-
      ties, laws, Executive orders, and regulations relating to Indian 
      affairs in force on September 1, 1967, and to have such revised 
      document printed at the Government Printing Office;
             (2) have revised and republished the treaties entitled “Fed-
      eral Indian Law”; and 
             (3) have prepared, to the extent determined by the Sec-
      retary of the Interior to be feasible, and accurate compilation 
      of the official opinions, published and unpublished, of the Solic-
      itor of the Department of the Interior relating to Indian affairs
      rendered by the Solicitor prior to September 1, 1967, and to 
      have such compilation printed as a Government publication at 
      the Government Printing Office.
      (b) With respect to the document entitled “Indian Affairs, Laws 
and Treaties” as revised and extended in accordance with para-
graph (1) of subsection (a), and the compilation prepared in accord-
ance with paragraph (3) of such subsection, the Secretary of the In-
terior shall take such action as may be necessary to keep such doc-
ument and compilation current on an annual basis.
      (c) There is authorized to be appropriated for carrying out the 
provisions of this title such sum as may be necessary.
[25 U.S.C. 1341]

                          TITLE VIII—FAIR HOUSING

                             SHORT TITLE
SEC. 800. This title may be cited as the “Fair Housing Act”.

April 4, 2022                         As Amended Through P.L. 117-103, Enacted March 15, 2022
