G:\COMP\CIVILRTS\CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968.XML

Sec. 810                 CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968                                           30

that results from a conciliation agreement may award appropriate
relief, including monetary relief.
    (4) Each conciliation agreement shall be made public unless
the complainant and respondent otherwise agree and the Secretary
determines that disclosure is not required to further the purposes
of this title.
    (5)(A) At the end of each investigation under this section, the
Secretary shall prepare a final investigative report containing—
        (i) the names and dates of contacts with witnesses;
        (ii) a summary and the dates of correspondence and other
    contacts with the aggrieved person and the respondent;
        (iii) a summary description of other pertinent records;
        (iv) a summary of witness statements; and
        (v) answers to interrogatories.
     (B) A final report under this paragraph may be amended if ad-
ditional evidence is later discovered.
    (c) FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH CONCILIATION AGREEMENT.—
Whenever the Secretary has reasonable cause to believe that a re-
spondent has breached a conciliation agreement, the Secretary
shall refer the matter to the Attorney General with a recommenda-
tion that a civil action be filed under section 814 for the enforce-
ment of such agreement.
    (d) PROHIBITIONS AND REQUIREMENTS WITH RESPECT TO DIS-
CLOSURE OF INFORMATION.—(1) Nothing said or done in the course
of conciliation under this title may be made public or used as evi-
dence in a subsequent proceeding under this title without the writ-
ten consent of the persons concerned.
     (2) Notwithstanding paragraph (1), the Secretary shall make
available to the aggrieved person and the respondent, at any time,
upon request following completion of the Secretary's investigation,
information derived from an investigation and any final investiga-
tive report relating to that investigation.
    (e) PROMPT JUDICIAL ACTION.—(1) If the Secretary concludes at
any time following the filing of a complaint that prompt judicial ac-
tion is necessary to carry out the purposes of this title, the Sec-
retary may authorize a civil action for appropriate temporary or
preliminary relief pending final disposition of the complaint under
this section. Upon receipt of such an authorization, the Attorney
General shall promptly commence and maintain such an action.
Any temporary restraining order or other order granting prelimi-
nary or temporary relief shall be issued in accordance with the
Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The commencement of a civil ac-
tion under this subsection does not affect the initiation or continu-
ation of administrative proceedings under this section and section
812 of this title.
     (2) Whenever the Secretary has reason to believe that a basis
may exist for the commencement of proceedings against any re-
spondent under sections 814(a) and 814(c) or for proceedings by
any governmental licensing or supervisory authority, the Sec-
retary shall transmit the information upon which such belief is
based to the Attorney General, or to such authorities, as the case
may be.
    (f) REFERRAL FOR STATE OR LOCAL PROCEEDINGS.—(1) When-
ever a complaint alleges a discriminatory housing practice—
                    April 4, 2022            As Amended Through P.L. 117-103, Enacted March 15, 2022