G:\COMP\CIVILRTS\CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968.XML

Sec. 819

CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1968

42

APPROPRIATIONS

Sec. 819. There are hereby authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out the purposes of this title.

[42 U.S.C. 3618]

SEPARABILITY OF PROVISIONS

Sec. 820. If any provision of this title or the application thereof to any person or circumstances is held invalid, the remainder of the title and the application of the provision to other persons not similarly situated or to other circumstances shall not be affected thereby.

[42 U.S.C. 3619]

TITLE IX

PREVENTION OF INTIMIDATION IN FAIR HOUSING CASES

Sec. 901. Whoever, whether or not acting under color of law, by force or threat of force willfully injures, intimidates or interferes with or attempts to injure, intimidate or interfere with—
(a) any person because of his race, color, religion, sex, handicap (as such term is defined in section 802 of this Act), or national origin and because he is or has been selling, purchasing, renting, financing, occupying, or contracting or negotiating for the sale, purchase, rental, financing or occupation of any dwelling, or applying for or participating in any service, organization, or facility relating to the business of selling or renting dwellings; or
(b) any person because he is or has been, or in order to intimidate such person or any other person or any class of persons from—
(1) participating, without discrimination on account of race, color, religion, sex, handicap (as such term is defined in section 802 of this Act), familial status (as such term is defined in section 802 of this Act), or national origin, in any of the activities, services, organizations or facilities described in subsection 901(a); or
(2) affording another person or class of persons opportunity or protection so to participate; or
(c) any citizen because he is or has been, or in order to discourage such citizen or any other citizen from lawfully aiding or encouraging other persons to participate, without discrimination on account of race, color, religion, sex, handicap (as such term is defined in section 802 of this Act), familial status (as such term is defined in section 802 of this Act), or national origin, in any of the activities, services, organizations or facilities described in subsection 901(a), or participating lawfully in speech or peaceful assembly opposing any denial of the opportunity so to participate—
shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, or imprisoned not more than one year, or both; and if bodily injury results from the acts committed in violation of this section or if such acts include

April 4, 2022
As Amended Through P.L. 117-103, Enacted March 15, 2022