117 STAT. 1180            PUBLIC LAW 108–100—OCT. 28, 2003

        (B) if a substitute check is created by a person other 
        than a bank, the first bank that transfers or presents 
        such substitute check.
(16) SUBSTITUTE CHECK.—The term “substitute check” 
    means a paper reproduction of the original check that—
           (A) contains an image of the front and back of the 
        original check;
           (B) bears a MICR line containing all the information 
        appearing on the MICR line of the original check, except 
        as provided under generally applicable industry standards 
        for substitute checks to facilitate the processing of sub-
        stitute checks;
           (C) conforms, in paper stock, dimension, and otherwise,
        with generally applicable industry standards for substitute 
        checks; and
           (D) is suitable for automated processing in the same 
        manner as the original check.
(17) STATE.—The term “State” has the same meaning as 
    in section 3(a) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.
(18) TRUNCATE.—The term “truncate” means to remove 
    an original paper check from the check collection or return 
    process and send to a recipient, in lieu of such original paper 
    check, a substitute check or, by agreement, information relating 
    to the original check (including data taken from the MICR 
    line of the original check or an electronic image of the original 
    check), whether with or without subsequent delivery of the 
    original paper check.
(19) UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE.—The term “Uniform 
    Commercial Code” means the Uniform Commercial Code in 
    effect in a State.
(20) OTHER TERMS.—Unless the context requires otherwise, 
    the terms not defined in this section shall have the same 
    meanings as in the Uniform Commercial Code.

12 USC 5003.                   SEC. 4. GENERAL PROVISIONS GOVERNING SUBSTITUTE CHECKS.

(a) NO AGREEMENT REQUIRED.—A person may deposit, present, 
    or send for collection or return a substitute check without an 
    agreement with the recipient, so long as a bank has made the 
    warranties in section 5 with respect to such substitute check.
(b) LEGAL EQUIVALENCE.—A substitute check shall be the legal 
    equivalent of the original check for all purposes, including any 
    provision of any Federal or State law, and for all persons if the 
    substitute check—
           (1) accurately represents all of the information on the front 
         and back of the original check as of the time the original 
         check was truncated; and
            (2) bears the legend: “This is a legal copy of your check. 
         You can use it the same way you would use the original 
         check.”.
(c) ENDORSEMENTS.—A bank shall ensure that the substitute 
    check for which the bank is the reconverting bank bears all endorse-
    ments applied by parties that previously handled the check (whether 
    in electronic form or in the form of the original paper check or 
    a substitute check) for forward collection or return.
(d) IDENTIFICATION OF RECONVERTING BANK.—A bank shall 
    identify itself as a reconverting bank on any substitute check for 
    which the bank is a reconverting bank so as to preserve any