112 STAT. 2946          PUBLIC LAW 105–310—OCT. 30, 1998

reflects a determination by such government and agencies to address the problem aggressively.
	“(16) The extent to which a significant increase in the allocation of Federal resources to combat financial crimes in such area is necessary to provide an adequate State and local response to financial crimes and financial crime-related activities in such area.

“PART 2—FINANCIAL CRIME-FREE COMMUNITIES SUPPORT PROGRAM

“§ 5351. Establishment of financial crime-free communities support program
	“(a) ESTABLISHMENT—The Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Attorney General, shall establish a program to support local law enforcement efforts in the development and implementation of a program for the detection, prevention, and suppression of money laundering and related financial crimes.
	“(b) PROGRAM—In carrying out the program, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Attorney General, shall—
		“(1) make and track grants to grant recipients;
Grants
		“(2) provide for technical assistance and training, data collection, and dissemination of information on state-of-the-art practices that the Secretary determines to be effective in detecting, preventing, and suppressing money laundering and related financial crimes; and
		“(3) provide for the general administration of the program.
	“(c) ADMINISTRATION—The Secretary shall appoint an administrator to carry out the program.
	“(d) CONTRACTING—The Secretary may employ any necessary staff and may enter into contracts or agreements with Federal and State law enforcement agencies to delegate authority for the execution of grants and for such other activities necessary to carry out this chapter.

“§ 5352. Program authorization
	“(a) GRANT ELIGIBILITY—To be eligible to receive an initial grant or a renewal grant under this part, a State or local law enforcement agency or prosecutor shall meet each of the following criteria:
		“(1) APPLICATION—The State or local law enforcement agency or prosecutor shall submit an application to the Secretary in accordance with section 5353(a)(2).
		“(2) ACCOUNTABILITY—The State or local law enforcement agency or prosecutor shall—
			“(A) establish a system to measure and report outcomes—
				“(i) consistent with common indicators and evaluation protocols established by the Secretary, in consultation with the Attorney General; and
				“(ii) approved by the Secretary;
			“(B) conduct biennial surveys (or incorporate local surveys in existence at the time of the evaluation) to measure the progress and effectiveness of the coalition; and
			“(C) provide assurances that the entity conducting an evaluation under this paragraph, or from which the applicant receives information, has experience in gathering