PUBLIC LAW 105-310—OCT. 30, 1998 112 STAT. 2945

local prosecutor, involved in the detection, prevention, and suppression of money laundering and related financial crimes and any State or local official or prosecutor may submit—
‘‘(A) a written request for the designation of any area as a high-risk money laundering and related financial crimes area; or
‘‘(B) a written request for funding under section 5351 for a specific prevention or enforcement initiative, or to determine the extent of financial criminal activity, in an area.
‘‘(d) FACTORS.—In considering the designation of any area as a high-risk money laundering and related financial crimes area, the Secretary shall, to the extent appropriate and in consultation with the Attorney General, take into account the following factors:
‘‘(1) The population of the area.
‘‘(2) The number of bank and nonbank financial institution transactions which originate in such area or involve institutions located in such area.
‘‘(3) The number of stock or commodities transactions which originate in such area or involve institutions located in such area.
‘‘(4) Whether the area is a key transportation hub with any international ports or airports or an extensive highway system.
‘‘(5) Whether the area is an international center for banking or commerce.
‘‘(6) The extent to which financial crimes and financial crime-related activities in such area are having a harmful impact in other areas of the country.
‘‘(7) The number or nature of requests for information or analytical assistance which—
‘‘(A) are made to the analytical component of the Department of the Treasury; and
‘‘(B) originate from law enforcement or regulatory authorities located in such area or involve institutions or businesses located in such area or residents of such area.
‘‘(8) The volume or nature of suspicious activity reports originating in the area.
‘‘(9) The volume or nature of currency transaction reports or reports of cross-border movements of currency or monetary instruments originating in, or transported through, the area.
‘‘(10) Whether, and how often, the area has been the subject of a geographical targeting order.
‘‘(11) Observed changes in trends and patterns of money laundering activity.
‘‘(12) Unusual patterns, anomalies, growth, or other changes in the volume or nature of core economic statistics or indicators.
‘‘(13) Statistics or indicators of unusual or unexplained volumes of cash transactions.
‘‘(14) Unusual patterns, anomalies, or changes in the volume or nature of transactions conducted through financial institutions operating within or outside the United States.
‘‘(15) The extent to which State and local governments and State and local law enforcement agencies have committed resources to respond to the financial crime problem in the area and the degree to which the commitment of such resources