112 STAT. 2944           PUBLIC LAW 105-310—OCT. 30, 1998

    “(8) any other State or local government authority, to the
          extent appropriate;
    “(9) any other Federal Government authority or instrumen-
          tality, to the extent appropriate; and
    “(10) representatives of the private financial services sector,
          to the extent appropriate.

     “§ 5342. High-risk money laundering and related financial
               crime areas

    “(a) FINDINGS AND PURPOSE.—
        “(1) FINDINGS.—The Congress finds the following:
             “(A) Money laundering and related financial crimes 
frequently appear to be concentrated in particular
geographic areas, financial systems, industry sectors, or
financial institutions.
             “(B) While the Secretary has the responsibility to act
with regard to Federal offenses which are being committed
in a particular locality or are directed at a single institu-
tion, because modern financial systems and institutions
are interconnected to a degree which was not possible
until recently, money laundering and other related finan-
cial crimes are likely to have local, State, national, and
international effects wherever they are committed.
       “(2) PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVE.—It is the purpose of this
section to provide a mechanism for designating any area where
money laundering or a related financial crime appears to be
occurring at a higher than average rate so that—
             “(A) a comprehensive approach to the problem of such
crime in such area can be developed, in cooperation with
State and local law enforcement agencies, which utilizes
the authority of the Secretary to prevent such activity;
                and
              “(B) such area can be targeted for law enforcement
               action.
        “(b) ELEMENT OF NATIONAL STRATEGY.—The designation of cer-
tain areas as areas in which money laundering and related financial
crimes are extensive or present a substantial risk shall be an
element of the national strategy developed pursuant to section
5341(b).
        “(c) DESIGNATION OF AREAS.—
            “(1) DESIGNATION BY SECRETARY.—The Secretary, after tak-
                ing into consideration the factors specified in subsection (d),
                shall designate any geographical area, industry, sector, or
                institution in the United States in which money laundering
                and related financial crimes are extensive or present a substan-
                tial risk as a ‘high-risk money laundering and related financial
                crimes area’.
            “(2) CASE-BY-CASE DETERMINATION IN CONSULTATION WITH
                THE ATTORNEY GENERAL.—In addition to the factors specified
                in subsection (d), any designation of any area under paragraph
            (1) shall be made on the basis of a determination by the
                Secretary, in consultation with the Attorney General, that the
                particular area, industry, sector, or institution is being victim-
                ized by, or is particularly vulnerable to, money laundering
                and related financial crimes.
            “(3) SPECIFIC INITIATIVES.—Any head of a department,
                bureau, or law enforcement agency, including any State or