PUBLIC LAW 105-310—OCT. 30, 1998

112 STAT. 2943

“(5) ENHANCEMENT OF INTERGOVERNMENTAL COOPERA-
TION.—The enhancement of—
“(A) cooperative efforts between the Federal Govern-
ment and State and local officials, including State and
local prosecutors and other law enforcement officials; and
“(B) cooperative efforts among the several States and
between State and local officials, including State and local
prosecutors and other law enforcement officials,
for financial crimes control which could be utilized or should
be encouraged.

“(6) PROJECT AND BUDGET PRIORITIES.—A 3-year projection
for program and budget priorities and achievable projects for
reductions in financial crimes.

“(7) ASSESSMENT OF FUNDING.—A complete assessment of
how the proposed budget is intended to implement the strategy
and whether the funding levels contained in the proposed
budget are sufficient to implement the strategy.

“(8) DESIGNATED AREAS.—A description of geographical
areas designated as ‘high-risk money laundering and related
financial crime areas’ in accordance with, but not limited to,
section 5342.

“(9) PERSONS CONSULTED.—Persons or officers consulted
by the Secretary pursuant to subsection (d).

“(10) DATA REGARDING TRENDS IN MONEY LAUNDERING AND
RELATED FINANCIAL CRIMES.—The need for additional informa-
tion necessary for the purpose of developing and analyzing
data in order to ascertain financial crime trends.

“(11) IMPROVED COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS.—A plan for
enhancing the compatibility of automated information and
facilitating access of the Federal Government and State and
local governments to timely, accurate, and complete informa-
tion.

“(c) EFFECTIVENESS REPORT.—At the time each national strat-
egy for combating financial crimes is transmitted by the President
to the Congress (other than the first transmission of any such
strategy) pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit
a report containing an evaluation of the effectiveness of policies
to combat money laundering and related financial crimes.

“(d) CONSULTATIONS.—In addition to the consultations required
under this section with the Attorney General, in developing the
national strategy for combating money laundering and related
financial crimes, the Secretary shall consult with—
“(1) the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
and other Federal banking agencies and the National Credit
Union Administration Board;
“(2) State and local officials, including State and local
prosecutors;
“(3) the Securities and Exchange Commission;
“(4) the Commodities and Futures Trading Commission;
“(5) the Director of the Office of National Drug Control
Policy, with respect to money laundering and related financial
crimes involving the proceeds of drug trafficking;
“(6) the Chief of the United States Postal Inspection Serv-
ice;
“(7) to the extent appropriate, State and local officials
responsible for financial institution and financial market regu-
lation;