PUBLIC LAW 109–171—FEB. 8, 2006

120 STAT. 19

assessment rate on all insured depository institutions for
such assessment period.
    ‘‘(F) SUCCESSOR DEFINED.—The Corporation shall
define the term ‘successor’ for purposes of this paragraph,
by regulation, and may consider any factors as the Board
may deem appropriate.
    ‘‘(4) ADMINISTRATIVE REVIEW.—
        ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The regulations prescribed under
        paragraphs (2)(D) and (3) shall include provisions allowing
        an insured depository institution a reasonable opportunity
        to challenge administratively the amount of the credit or
        dividend determined under paragraph (2) or (3) for such
        institution.
        ‘‘(B) ADMINISTRATIVE REVIEW.—Any review under
        subparagraph (A) of any determination of the Corporation
        under paragraph (2) or (3) shall be final and not subject
        to judicial review.’’.
    (b) DEFINITION OF RESERVE RATIO.—Section 3(y) of the Federal
Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813(y)) (as amended by section
2105(b) of this subtitle) is amended by adding at the end the
following new paragraph:
           ‘‘(3) RESERVE RATIO.—The term ‘reserve ratio’, when used
           with regard to the Deposit Insurance Fund other than in
           connection with a reference to the designated reserve ratio,
           means the ratio of the net worth of the Deposit Insurance
           Fund to the value of the aggregate estimated insured deposits.’’.

SEC. 2108. DEPOSIT INSURANCE FUND RESTORATION PLANS. 

Section 7(b)(3) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C.
1817(b)(3)) (as amended by section 2105(a) of this subtitle) is
amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph:
    ‘‘(E) DIF RESTORATION PLANS.—
        ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—Whenever—
            ‘‘(I) the Corporation projects that the reserve
            ratio of the Deposit Insurance Fund will, within
            6 months of such determination, fall below the
            minimum amount specified in subparagraph (B)(ii)
            for the designated reserve ratio; or
            ‘‘(II) the reserve ratio of the Deposit Insurance
            Fund actually falls below the minimum amount
            specified in subparagraph (B)(ii) for the designated
            reserve ratio without any determination under
            subclause (I) having been made,
        the Corporation shall establish and implement a
        Deposit Insurance Fund restoration plan within 90
        days that meets the requirements of clause (ii) and
        such other conditions as the Corporation determines
        to be appropriate.
        ‘‘(ii) REQUIREMENTS OF RESTORATION PLAN.—A
        Deposit Insurance Fund restoration plan meets the
        requirements of this clause if the plan provides that
        the reserve ratio of the Fund will meet or exceed
        the minimum amount specified in subparagraph (B)(ii)
        for the designated reserve ratio before the end of the
        5-year period beginning upon the implementation of
        the plan (or such longer period as the Corporation
        Deadline.
       