All 70 Stat. 138.
-6-

security for advances made to any person or company: Provided, however, That any bank may accept such capital stock, bonds, debentures, or other obligations as security for debts previously contracted, but such collateral shall not be held for a period of over two years;
(3) to purchase securities, other assets or obligations under repurchase agreement from a bank holding company of which it is a subsidiary or any other subsidiary of such bank holding company; and
(4) to make any loan, discount or extension of credit to a bank holding company of which it is a subsidiary or to any other subsidiary of such bank holding company.

Non-interest-bearing deposits to the credit of a bank shall not be deemed to be a loan or advance to the bank of deposit, nor shall the giving of immediate credit to a bank upon uncollected items received in the ordinary course of business be deemed to be a loan or advance to the depositing bank.

(b) The provisions of this section shall not apply (1) to the capital stock, bonds, debentures, or other obligations of any company described in section 4 (c) (1) of this Act, or (2) to any company whose subsidiary status has arisen out of a bona fide debt to the bank contracted prior to the date of the creation of such status, or (3) to any company whose subsidiary status exists by reason of the ownership or control of voting shares thereof by the bank as executor, administrator, trustee, receiver, agent, or depositary, or in any other fiduciary capacity, except where such shares are held for the benefit of all or a majority of the stockholders of such bank.

RESERVATION OF RIGHTS TO STATES

SEC. 7. The enactment by the Congress of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 shall not be construed as preventing any State from exercising such powers and jurisdiction which it now has or may hereafter have with respect to banks, bank holding companies, and subsidiaries thereof.

PENALTIES

SEC. 8. Any company which willfully violates any provision of this Act, or any regulation or order issued by the Board pursuant thereto, shall upon conviction be fined not more than $1,000 for each day during which the violation continues. Any individual who willfully participates in a violation of any provision of this Act shall upon conviction be fined not more than $10,000 or imprisoned not more than one year, or both. Every officer, director, agent, and employee of a bank holding company shall be subject to the same penalties for false entries in any book, report, or statement of such bank holding company as are applicable to officers, directors, agents, and employees of member banks for false entries in any books, reports, or statements of member banks under section 1005 of title 18, United States Code.

JUDICIAL REVIEW

SEC. 9. Any party aggrieved by an order of the Board under this Act may obtain a review of such order in the United States Court of Appeals within any circuit wherein such party has its principal place of business, or in the Court of Appeals in the District of Columbia, by filing in the court, within sixty days after the entry of the Board's order, a petition praying that the order of the Board be set aside. A copy of such petition shall be forthwith served upon the

62. Stat. 750.

Digitized for FRASER
http://fraser.stlouisfed.org/
Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis