Digitized for FRASER
http://fraser.stlouisfed.org/
Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis

-11-
distributing corporation retains, or transfers after May 15, 1955,
to any corporation, property (other than property described in
subsection (b)(1)(B)(i) as part of a plan one of the principal
purposes of which is the distribution of the earnings and profits
of any corporation.
“(3) Certain contributions to capital.—In the case of a dis-
tribution a portion of which is attributable to a transfer which
is a contribution to the capital of a corporation, made after May
15, 1955, and prior to the date of the enactment of this part, if
subsection (a) or (b) would apply to such distribution but for
the fact that, under paragraph (1) or (2) (as the case may be)
of this subsection, such contribution to capital is part of a plan
one of the principal purposes of which is to distribute the earnings
and profits of any corporation, then, notwithstanding paragraph
(1) or (2), subsection (a) or (b) (as the case may be) shall apply
to that portion of such distribution not attributable to such con-
tribution to capital, and shall not apply to that portion of such
distribution attributable to such contribution to capital.
“(e) Final certification.—
“(1) For subsection (a).—Subsection (a) shall not apply
with respect to any distribution by a corporation unless the Board
certifies that, before the expiration of the period permitted under
section 4(a) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (includ-
ing any extensions thereof granted to such corporation under
such section 4(a)), the corporation has disposed of all the
property the disposition of which is necessary or appropriate to
effectuate section 4 of such Act (or would have been so necessary
or appropriate if the corporation had continued to be a bank hold-
ing company).
“(2) For subsection (b).—
“(A) Subsection (b) shall not apply with respect to any
distribution by any corporation unless the Board certifies
that, before the expiration of the period specified in subpara-
graph (B), the corporation has ceased to be a bank holding
company.
“(B) The period referred to in subparagraph (A) is the
period which expires 2 years after the date of the enactment
of this part or 2 years after the date on which the corporation
becomes a bank holding company, whichever date is later.
The Board is authorized, on application by any corporation,
to extend such period from time to time with respect to
such corporation for not more than one year at a time if, in
its judgment, such an extension would not be detrimental
to the public interest; except that such period may not in
any case be extended beyond the date 5 years after the date
of the enactment of this part or 5 years after the date on
which the corporation becomes a bank holding company,
whichever date is later.
“(f) Certain exchanges of securities.—In the case of an ex-
change described in subsection (a)(2)(A)(iv) or subsection (b)
(2)(A)(iv), subsection (a) or subsection (b) (as the case may be)
shall apply only to the extent that the principal amount of the securi-
ties received does not exceed the principal amount of the securities
exchanged.

“SEC. 1102. SPECIAL RULES.
“(a) Basis of property acquired in distributions.—If, by reason
of section 1101, gain is not recognized with respect to the receipt of any
property, then, under regulations prescribed by the Secretary or his
delegate—