PUBLIC LAW 97-320-OCT. 15, 1982             98 STAT. 1513

county or city in which that association's principal place of business is located.’’.

LEGAL HOLIDAYS

SEC. 407. The last sentence of section 4(b)(1) of the Act of March 9, 1933 (48 Stat. 2; 12 U.S.C. 95(b)(1)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘In the event that a State official authorized by law designates any day as a legal holiday for ceremonial or emergency reasons, for the State or any part thereof, that same day shall be a legal holiday for all national banking associations or their offices located in that State or the part so affected. A national banking association or its affected offices may close or remain open on such a State-designated holiday unless the Comptroller of the Currency by written order directs otherwise.’’.

UNCLAIMED PROPERTY

SEC. 408. Title VII of the Depository Institutions Deregulation and Monetary Control Act of 1980 is amended by adding after section 723 the following:

‘‘PART C-DISPOSITION OF UNCLAIMED PROPERTY RECOVERED FROM CLOSED NATIONAL BANKS

‘‘PURPOSE

‘‘SEC. 731. The purpose of this part is to dispose of unclaimed property in the possession, custody, or control of the Comptroller of the Currency by—
        ‘‘(1) providing final notice of the availability of unclaimed property from closed national banks and closed banks in the District of Columbia;
        ‘‘(2) barring rights of claimants to obtain such property from the Comptroller after a reasonable period of time following such notice; and
        ‘(3) authorizing the Comptroller to dispose of such property for which no claims have been filed and validated under this part.

‘‘DEFINITIONS

‘‘SEC. 732. For purposes of this part—
        ‘‘(1) the term ‘Comptroller’ means the Comptroller of the Currency;
        ‘‘(2) the term ‘unclaimed property’ means any articles, items, assets, other property, or the proceeds thereof from the safe deposit boxes or other safekeeping arrangements with closed national banks or closed banks in the District of Columbia, which are in the possession, custody, or control of the Comptroller in its capacity as successor to receivers of those banks; and
        ‘‘(3) the term ‘claimant’ means any person or entity, including a State under applicable statutory law, asserting a demonstrable legal interest in title to, or custody or possession of, unclaimed property.

‘‘DISPOSITION OF UNCLAIMED PROPERTY

‘‘SEC. 733. (a)(1) Within twelve months following the date of the enactment of this part, the Comptroller shall publish formal notice