PUBLIC LAW 97-320-OCT. 15, 1982 🢒 96 STAT. 1545

(4) the impact of expanding coverage of insured deposits upon the operations of the insurance funds, including the possibility of increased or undue risk to the funds;
(5) the feasibility of revising the deposit insurance system to provide even greater protection for smaller depositors while fostering a greater degree of discipline with respect to large depositors;
(6) the adequacy of existing public disclosure regarding the condition and business practices of insured depository institutions, and providing an assessment of changes which may be needed to assure adequate public disclosure;
(7) the feasibility of consolidating the three separate insurance funds; and
(8) other related issues.
(b) A report containing the results of each of the studies carried out under subsection (a) shall be transmitted to the Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs of the House of Representatives and to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate not later than six months after the date of enactment of this Act.

TITLE VIII-ALTERNATIVE MORTGAGE TRANSACTIONS 

SHORT TITLE
SEC. 801. This title may be cited as the "Alternative Mortgage Transaction Parity Act of 1982".

FINDINGS AND PURPOSE
SEC. 802. (a) The Congress hereby finds that-
(1) increasingly volatile and dynamic changes in interest rates have seriously impaired the ability of housing creditors to provide consumers with fixed-term, fixed-rate credit secured by interests in real property, cooperative housing, manufactured homes, and other dwellings;
(2) alternative mortgage transactions are essential to the provision of an adequate supply of credit secured by residential property necessary to meet the demand expected during the 1980's; and
(3) the Comptroller of the Currency, the National Credit Union Administration, and the Federal Home Loan Bank Board have recognized the importance of alternative mortgage transactions and have adopted regulations authorizing federally chartered depository institutions to engage in alternative mortgage financing.
(b) It is the purpose of this title to eliminate the discriminatory impact that those regulations have upon nonfederally chartered housing creditors and provide them with parity with federally chartered institutions by authorizing all housing creditors to make, purchase, and enforce alternative mortgage transactions so long as the transactions are in conformity with the regulations issued by the Federal agencies.

DEFINITIONS
SEC. 803. As used in this title—

Alternative Mortgage Transaction Parity Act of 1982.
12 USC 3801 note.
12 USC 3801.
12 USC 3802.