PUBLIC LAW 97-320—OCT. 15, 1982

96 STAT. 1521

"(B)(i) Beginning in 1982, not later than December 31 of each
year, the Board shall issue a regulation increasing for the next
succeeding calendar year the dollar amount specified in subparagraph (A), as previously adjusted under this subparagraph, by
an amount obtained by multiplying such dollar amount by 80
per centum of the percentage increase in the total reservable
liabilities of all depository institutions.
"(ii) The increase in total reservable liabilities shall be determined by subtracting the amount of total reservable liabilities
on June 30 of the preceding calendar year from the amount of
total reservable liabilities on June 30 of the calendar year
involved. In the case of any such twelve-month period in which
there has been a decrease in the total reservable liabilities of all
depository institutions, no adjustment shall be made. A
decrease in total reservable liabilities shall be determined by
subtracting the amount of total reservable liabilities on June 30
of the calendar year involved from the amount of total reservable liabilities on June 30 of the previous calendar year."
(b) Section 19(b)(4)(A)(iv) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C.
461(b)(4)(A)(iv)) is amended by inserting "except as provided in
paragraph (11)," after "requirement is imposed,”.
(c) Section 19(b)(11) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 461(b)(11))
is amended by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (F)
and by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following:
"(E) The term 'reservable liabilities' means transaction accounts, nonpersonal time deposits, and all net balances, loans,
assets, and obligations which are, or may be, subject to reserve
requirements under paragraph (5).”.

Sec. 412. Section 5240 of the Revised Statutes (12 U.S.C. 484) is
amended to read as follows:
"Sec. 5240. (a) No national bank shall be subject to any visitorial
powers except as authorized by Federal law, vested in the courts of
justice or such as shall be, or have been exercised or directed by
Congress or by either House thereof or by any committee of Congress or of either House duly authorized.
"(b) Notwithstanding subsection (a), lawfully authorized State
auditors and examiners may, at reasonable times and upon reasonable notice to a bank, review its records solely to ensure compliance
with applicable State unclaimed property or escheat laws upon
reasonable cause to believe that the bank has failed to comply with
such laws.".

Sec. 413. Section 5137 of the Revised Statutes (12 U.S.C. 29) is
amended by striking out the last paragraph thereof and inserting in
lieu thereof the following:
"Notwithstanding the five-year holding limitation of this section
or any other provision of this title, any national banking association
which on the date of enactment of this paragraph held, directly or
indirectly, real estate, including any subsurface rights or interests
therein, that since December 31, 1979, had not been valued on the
books of such association for more than a nominal amount, may
continue to hold such real estate, rights, or interests for such longer
period of time as would be permitted a State chartered bank by the