PUBLIC LAW 97-320-OCT. 15, 1982	96 STAT. 1473

CONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE ACT

Sec. 113. (a) Section 3(q) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12
U.S.C. 1813(q)) is amended—
(1) in paragraph (2) thereof, by striking out "and" at the end
thereof;
(2) in paragraph (3) thereof, by striking out the period at the
end thereof and inserting in lieu thereof "; and"; and
(3) by adding at the end thereof the following:
"(4) the Federal Home Loan Bank Board in the case of an
insured Federal savings bank.".
(b) Section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813)
is amended by adding at the end thereof the following:
"(t) The term 'insured Federal savings bank' means a Federal
savings bank chartered pursuant to section 5(o) of the Home
Owners' Loan Act of 1933 and insured by the Corporation.".
(c) Section 4 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1814)
is amended by inserting at the end thereof the following:
"(c) Every Federal savings bank which is chartered pursuant to
section 5(o) of the Home Owners' Loan Act of 1933, and which is
engaged in the business of receiving deposits other than trust funds,
shall be an insured bank from the time it is authorized to commence
business, until such time as its accounts are insured by the Federal
Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation.".
(d) Section 7(a)(2) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C.
1817(a)(2)) is amended by inserting "(A)" after "(2)" and by inserting
at the end thereof the following:
"(B) The Corporation shall have access to reports of examina-
tion made by, and reports of condition made to, the Federal
Home Loan Bank Board or any Federal Home Loan Bank,
respecting any insured Federal savings bank, and the Corpora-
tion shall have access to all revisions of reports of condition
made to either such agency. Such agency shall promptly advise
the Corporation of any revisions or changes in respect to deposit
liabilities made or required to be made in any report of
condition.".
(e) The first sentence of section 7(a)(3) of the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1817(a)(3)) is amended to read as follows:
"Each insured State nonmember bank (except a District bank) and
each foreign bank having an insured branch (other than a Federal
branch) shall make to the Corporation, each insured national bank,
each foreign bank having an insured branch which is a Federal
branch, and each insured District bank shall make to the Comptrol-
ler of the Currency, each insured State member bank shall make to
the Federal Reserve bank of which it is a member, and each insured
Federal savings bank shall make to the Federal Home Loan Bank
Board, four reports of condition annually upon dates which shall be
selected by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Comptroller
of the Currency, the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System, and the Chairman of the Federal Home
Loan Bank Board.".
(f) Section 7(a)(6) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C.
1817(a)(6)) is amended by inserting ", the Federal Home Loan Bank
Board," after "Comptroller of the Currency".
(g) Section 8(a) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C.
1818(a)) is amended—