96 STAT. 1482            PUBLIC LAW 97-320-OCT. 15, 1982

"(2) The corporation shall pay insurance as provided in section 405. The surrender and transfer to the Corporation of an insured account in any such association which is in default shall subrogate the Corporation with respect to such insured account, but shall not affect any right which the insured member may have in the uninsured portion of his account or any right which he may have to participate in the distribution of the net proceeds remaining from the disposition of the assets of such association.

"(3) As used in this section, the term 'Federal association’ means a Federal savings and loan association or a Federal savings bank.”.

(c) Section 406(c) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1729(c)) is amended by striking out “savings and loan" wherever it appears.

(d) Section 406(c)(1) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1729(c)(1)) is amended by inserting "(A)" after ”(c)(1)" and by adding at the end thereof the following:

"(B)(i) Notwithstanding any provision of the constitution or laws of any State, or of this section, in the event the Federal Home Loan Bank Board determines that any of the grounds specified in section 5(d)(6)(A) (i), (ii), or (iii) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act of 1933 exist with respect to an insured institution, other than a Federal association, the Board shall have exclusive power and jurisdiction to appoint the Corporation as sole conservator or receiver of such institution.

"(II) In such cases the corporation shall have the same powers and duties with respect to insured institutions as are conferred upon it under subsection (b) of this section with respect to Federal associations.

"(ii)(I) The authority conferred by this subparagraph shall not be exercised without the written approval of the State official having jurisdiction over the State-chartered insured institution that the grounds specified for such exercise exist.

"(II) If such approval has not been received by the Board within 90 days of receipt of notice by the State that the Board has determined such grounds exist, and the Board has responded in writing to the State's written reasons, if any, for withholding approval, then the Board may proceed without State approval only by a unanimous vote of the Board. The corporation may also proceed without State approval if the Corporation has been appointed conservator, receiver, or other legal custodian pursuant to State law under subparagraph (A).”.

(e) The first sentence of section 406(c)(2) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1729(c)(2)) is amended by inserting “conservator or" after “sole".

(f) Section 406(c)(3) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1729(c)(3)) is amended—

(1) by inserting “conservator or' before “receiver" wherever it appears therein;

(2) by striking out “paragraph (2)" and inserting in lieu thereof “paragraphs (1) or (2); and

(3) by striking out the second sentence.

(g) Section 406(d) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1729(d)) is amended to read as follows:

"(d) In connection with the liquidation of insured institutions, the Corporation shall have power to carry on the business of and to collect all obligations to the insured institutions, to settle, compromise, or release claims in favor of or against the insured institutions, and to do all other things that may be necessary in connection