96 STAT. 1532          PUBLIC LAW 97-320- OCT. 15, 1982

                                      “OFFICERS OF THE BOARD

“SEC. 112. At their first meeting after the annual meeting of the members, the directors shall elect from their number the board officers specified in the bylaws. Only one board officer may be compensated as an officer of the board and the bylaws shall specify such position as well as the specific duties of each of the board officers. The board shall elect from their number a financial officer who shall give bond with good and sufficient surety, in an amount and character to be determined by the board of directors in compliance with regulations prescribed from time to time by the Board conditioned upon the faithful performance of the officer’s trust.”.


                       CLARIFICATION OF BOARD OF DIRECTOR’S DUTIES

SEC. 522. Section 113 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C.
1761b) is amended to read as follows:

                   “BOARD OF DIRECTORS; MEETINGS; POWERS AND DUTIES; EXECUTIVE
               COMMITTEE; MEMBERSHIP OFFICERS; MEMBERSHIP APPLICATIONS

“SEC. 113. The board of directors shall meet at least once a month and shall have the general directions and control of the affairs of the Federal credit union. Minutes of all meetings shall be kept. Among other things, the board of directors shall—

“(1) act upon applications for membership or appoint membership officers from among the members of the board of directors, other than the board member paid as an officer, the financial board officer, any assistant to the paid officer of the board or to the financial officer, or any loan officer;

“(2) require any officer or employee having custody of or handling funds to give bond with good and sufficient surety in an amount and character in compliance with regulations of the Board, and authorize the payment of the premium or premiums therefor from the funds of the Federal credit union;

“(3) fill vacancies on the board of directors until successors elected at the next annual meeting have qualified;

“(4) if the bylaws provide for an elected credit committee, fill vacancies on the credit committee until successors elected at the next annual meeting have qualified;

“(5) appoint the members of the supervisory committee and, if the bylaws so provide, appoint the members of the credit committee;

“(6) have charge of investments including the right to designate an investment committee of not less than two to act on its behalf;

“(7) determine the maximum number of shares, share certificates, and share draft accounts, and the classes of shares, share certificates, and share draft accounts;

“(8) subject to any limitations of this subchapter, determine the interest rates on loans, the security, and the maximum amount which may be loaned and provided in lines of credit;

“(9) authorize interest refunds to members of record at the close of business on the last day of any dividend period from income earned and received in proportion to the interest paid them during that dividend period;