PUBLIC LAW 97-320-OCT. 15, 1982

(1) by striking out "and money orders" and inserting in lieu thereof ", money orders, and other similar money transfer instruments"; and (2) by striking out all after "for a fee" and inserting in lieu thereof a semicolon.

ANNUAL MEETINGS

SEC. 519. Section 110 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1760) is amended to read as follows:

"MEMBERS' MEETINGS

"SEC. 110. The fiscal year of all Federal credit unions shall end December 31. The annual meeting of each Federal credit union shall be held at such place as its bylaws shall prescribe. Special meetings may be held in the manner indicated in the bylaws. No member shall be entitled to vote by proxy, but a member other than a natural person may vote through an agent designated for the purpose. Irrespective of the number of shares held, no member shall have more than one vote.".

TECHNICAL WORDING CHANGES IN MANAGEMENT AUTHORITY

SEC. 520. Section 111 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1761) is amended to read as follows:

"MANAGEMENT

"SEC. 111. (a) The management of a Federal credit union shall be by a board of directors, a supervisory committee, and where the bylaws so provide, a credit committee. The board shall consist of an odd number of directors, at least five in number, to be elected annually by and from the members as the bylaws provide. Any vacancy occurring on the board shall be filled until the next annual election by appointment by the remainder of the directors.

"(b) The supervisory committee shall be appointed by the board of directors and shall consist of not less than three members nor more than five members, one of whom may be a director other than the compensated officer of the board. A record of the names and addresses of the executive officers, members of the supervisory committee, credit committee, and loan officers, shall be filed with the Administration within ten days after their election or appointment.

"(c) No member of the board or of any other committee shall, as such, be compensated, except that reasonable health, accident, similar insurance protection, and the reimbursement of reasonable expenses incurred in the execution of the duties of the position shall not be considered compensation.".

ELIMINATION OF SPECIFIC REFERENCE TO THE TITLES OF THE OFFICERS OF THE BOARD

SEC. 521. Section 112 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1761(a)) is amended to read as follows: