PUBLIC LAW 97-320-OCT. 15, 1982
                                                   96 STAT. 1507

           (8) a transfer into an inter vivos trust in which the borrower is and remains a beneficiary and which does not relate to a transfer of rights of occupancy in the property; or 
           (9) any other transfer or disposition described in regulations prescribed by the Federal Home Loan Bank Board.

      (e)(1) The Federal Home Loan Bank Board, in consultation with the Comptroller of the Currency and the National Credit Union Administration Board, is authorized to issue rules and regulations and to publish interpretations governing the implementation of this section.

          (2) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (d), the rules and regulations prescribed under the section may permit a lender to exercise its option pursuant to a due-on-sale clause with respect to a real property loan and any related agreement pursuant to which a borrower obtains the right to receive future income.

      (f) The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (hereinafter referred to as the "Corporation") shall not, prior to July 1, 1983, implement the change in its policy announced on July 2, 1982, with respect to enforcement of due-on-sale clauses in real property loans which are owned in whole or in part by the Corporation.

      (g) Federal Home Loan Bank Board regulations restricting the use of a balloon payment shall not apply to a loan, mortgage, advance, or credit sale to which this section applies.

                                                                                                                                               PART D-MISCELLANEOUS

                                                                                                                                            ATTORNEYS FEES
      SEC. 351. The last sentence of section 5(d)(8)(A) of the Home Owners' Loan Act of 1933 (12 U.S.C. 1464(d)(8)(A)) is amended by inserting “, which prevails," after "party".

                                                                                                                                        SECURITY FOR ADVANCES
      SEC. 352. Section 10 of the Federal Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1430) is amended-
            (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows:
      "(a) Each Federal Home Loan Bank is authorized to make secured advances to its members upon such security as the Board may prescribe.";
            (2) by striking out the first two sentences of subsection (b); and 
            (3) by striking out the word “twelve” wherever it appears in subsection (c) and inserting in lieu thereof the word “twenty".

                                                                                                                                    DELETION OF OBSOLETE REQUIREMENT 
      SEC. 353. Section 6(c)(2) of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1426(c)(2)) is amended to read as follows:
           "(2) Notwithstanding any other provision of this subsection, no action shall be taken by any bank with respect to any member pursuant to any of the foregoing provisions of this subsection if the effect of such action would be to cause the aggregate outstanding advances, within the meaning of the last sentence of subsection (c) of section 10 of this Act or within the meaning of regulations of the Board defining such term for the purposes of this sentence, made by such bank to such member to exceed twenty times the amount paid 12 USC 1230.