96 STAT. 1496          PUBLIC LAW 97-320—OCT. 15, 1982

Federal Home Loan Bank Board. A report on each such audit shall be transmitted to each House of the Congress.

REPEAL

SEC. 206. Upon the expiration of three years after the date of enactment of this Act, section 406(f)(5) of the National Housing Act and section 13(i) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act are repealed.

TITLE III—THRIFT INSTITUTIONS RESTRUCTURING SHORT TITLE

SEC. 301. This title may be cited as the “Thrift Institutions Restructuring Act”.

PART A—FORM OF CHARTER; DEMAND ACCOUNTS

CHARTERING AND PURPOSE

SEC. 311. Section 5(a) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act of 1933 (12 U S C 1464(a)) is amended to read as follows:
SEC. 5. (a) In order to provide thrift institutions for the deposit ore investment of funds and for the extension of credit for homes and other goods and services, the Board is authorized, under such rules and regulations as it may prescribe, to provide for the organization, incorporation, examination, operation, and regulation of associations to be known as Federal savings and loan associations or Federal savings banks, and to issue charters therefor, giving primary consideration to the best practices of thrift institutions in the United States. The lending and investment authorities are conferred by this section to provide such institutions the flexibility necessary to maintain their role of providing credit for housing.”

DEMAND ACCOUNTS AND CAPITAL STOCK

SEC. 312. Paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 5(b) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act of 1933 (12 U.S.C. 1464(b)) are amended to read as follows:
“(I)(A) An association may raise capital in the form of such savings deposits, shares, or other accounts, for fixed, minimum, or indefinite periods of time (all of which are referred to in this section as savings accounts), or in the form of such demand accounts of those persons or organizations that have a business, corporate, commercial, or agricultural loan relationship with the association as are authorized by its charter or by regulations of the Board, and may issue such passbooks, time certificates of deposit, or other evidence of accounts as are so authorized.
“(B) An association may also accept demand accounts from a commercial, corporate, business, or agricultural entity for the sole purpose of effectuating payments thereto by a nonbusiness customer. An association may not pay interest on a demand account. All savings accounts and demand accounts shall have the same priority upon liquidation. Holders of accounts and obligors of an association shall, to such extent as may be provided by its charter or by regulations of the Board, be members of the association, and shall