96 STAT. 1510		PUBLIC LAW 97-320—OCT. 15, 1982

per centum of such capital and surplus, notwithstanding the collateral requirements set forth in subsection (a)(2).
"(B) If the bank's files or the knowledge of its officers of the financial condition of each maker of such consumer paper is reasonably adequate, and an officer of the bank designated for that purpose by the board of directors of the bank certifies in writing that the bank is relying primarily upon the responsibility of each maker for payment of such loans or extensions of credit and not upon any full or partial recourse endorsement or guarantee by the transferor, the limitations of this section as to the loans or extensions of credit of each such maker shall be the sole applicable loan limitations.
"(9)(A) Loans and extensions of credit secured by shipping documents or instruments transferring or securing title covering livestock or giving a lien on livestock when the market value of the livestock securing the obligation is not at any time less than 115 per centum of the face amount of the note covered, shall be subject under this section, notwithstanding the collateral requirements set forth in subsection (a)(2), to a maximum limitation equal to 25 per centum of such capital and surplus.
"(B) Loans and extensions of credit which arise from the discount by dealers in dairy cattle of paper given in payment for dairy cattle, which paper carries a full recourse endorsement or unconditional guarantee of the seller, and which are secured by the cattle being sold, shall be subject under this section, notwithstanding the collateral requirements set forth in subsection (a)(2), to a limitation of 25 per centum of such capital and surplus.
"(10) Loans or extensions of credit to the Student Loan Marketing Association shall not be subject to any limitation based on capital and surplus.
"(d)(1) The Comptroller of the Currency may prescribe rules and regulations to administer and carry out the purposes of this section, including rules or regulations to define or further define terms used in this section and to establish limits or requirements other than those specified in this section for particular classes or categories of loans or extensions of credit.
"(2) The Comptroller of the Currency also shall have authority to determine when a loan putatively made to a person shall for purposes of this section be attributed to another person.".
(b) This section shall take effect upon the expiration of one hundred and eighty days after the date of its enactment.

12 USC 84 note.				BORROWING LIMITS

Repeal.		Sec. 402. Section 5202 of the Revised Statutes (12 U.S.C. 82) is repealed.

				REAL ESTATE LOANS

		Sec. 403. (a) Section 24 of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 371) is amended to read as follows:
				"REAL ESTATE LOANS
				
		"SEC. 24. (a) Any national banking association may make, arrange, purchase or sell loans or extensions of credit secured by liens on interests in real estate, subject to such terms, conditions,