PUBLIC LAW 97-320—OCT. 15, 1982

HOLDING COMPANY ACTIVITIES

Sec. 335. Section 408 of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1730a), as amended by section 123, is amended by adding at the end thereof the following:

"(n) A savings and loan holding company, or any subsidiary thereof which is not an insured institution, whose subsidiary insured institution fails to qualify as a domestic building and loan association under section 7701(a)(19) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954, may not commence, or continue for more than three years after such failure, any business activity other than those specified for multiple savings and loan holding companies and their subsidiaries under subsection (c)(2) of this section.".

PART C—PREEMPTION OF DUE ON SALE PROHIBITIONS

DUE ON SALE CLAUSES

SEC. 341. (a) For the purpose of this section—

(1) the term "due-on-sale clause" means a contract provision which authorizes a lender, at its option, to declare due and payable sums secured by the lender's security instrument if all or any part of the property, or an interest therein, securing the real property loan is sold or transferred without the lender's prior written consent;
(2) the term "lender" means a person or government agency making a real property loan or any assignee or transferee, in whole or in part, of such a person or agency;
(3) the term "real property loan" means a loan, mortgage, advance, or credit sale secured by a lien on real property, the stock allocated to a dwelling unit in a cooperative housing corporation, or a residential manufactured home, whether real or personal property; and
(4) the term "residential manufactured home" means a manufactured home as defined in section 603(6) of the National Manufactured Home Construction and Safety Standards Act of 1974 which is used as a residence; and
(5) the term "State" means any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, and the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands.
(b)(1) Notwithstanding any provision of the constitution or laws (including the judicial decisions) of any State to the contrary, a lender may, subject to subsection (c), enter into or enforce a contract containing a due-on-sale clause with respect to a real property loan.
(2) Except as otherwise provided in subsection (d), the exercise by the lender of its option pursuant to such a clause shall be exclusively governed by the terms of the loan contract, and all rights and remedies of the lender and the borrower shall be fixed and governed by the contract.
(3) In the exercise of its option under a due-on-sale clause, a lender is encouraged to permit an assumption of a real property loan at the existing contract rate or at a rate which is at or below the average between the contract and market rates, and nothing in this section shall be interpreted to prohibit any such assumption.
(c)(1) In the case of a contract involving a real property loan which was made or assumed, including a transfer of the liened property