PUBLIC LAW 97-320-OCT. 15, 1982       96 STAT. 1491

centum of its operating losses (not occasioned by mismanagement or speculation in futures or forward contracts), as determined by the Corporation.
"(ii) With respect to a qualified institution having net worth greater than 1 per centum and less than or equal to 2 per centum, the Corporation may purchase net worth certificates in any period from such institution in an amount equal to 60 per centum of its operating losses (not occasioned by mismanagement or speculation in futures or forward contracts), as determined by the Corporation.
"(iii) With respect to a qualified institution having net worth less than or equal to 1 per centum, the Corporation may purchase net worth certificates in any period from such institution in an amount equal to 70 per centum of its operating losses (not occasioned by mismanagement or speculation in futures or forward contracts), as determined by the Corporation.
"(F) In the exercise of its authority under this paragraph, the Corporation may at any time, in its sole discretion, establish criteria which, with respect to ranges of net worth, calculation of losses, and percentage of losses to be met by purchases of net worth certificates, differ from those set forth in subparagraph (E), except that the Corporation shall in no period purchase net worth certificates from a qualified institution in an amount equal to more than 100 per centum of such institution's operating losses incurred for the immediately preceding period.
"(G) No assistance may be provided to a qualified institution purusant to this paragraph if the Corporation determines that providing such assistance would be costlier than liquidating (including paying the insured accounts of) such institution or dealing with it in accordance with paragraph (1) or (2) of this subsection.
"(H) The provisions of the constitution or the laws, civil or criminal, of any State, express or implied, limiting the authority of a qualified institution (i) to take part in programs under this paragraph, (ii) to issue and otherwise deal in net worth certificates issued pursuant to this paragraph, or (iii) to continue operations, including the receipt of deposits and the payment or crediting of interest or dividends to depositors, because of the level of such institution's net worth, surplus fund, or guaranty fund, shall not apply to any qualified institution which the Corporation has approved for the purpose of taking part in programs under this paragraph, continuing operations, or paying interest or dividends.
"(I) During any period when a qualified institution has outstanding net worth certificates issued in accordance with this paragraph, such institution shall not be liable for any State or local tax which is determined on the basis of the deposits held by such institution or the interest paid on such deposits.
"(J) Notwithstanding any other Federal or State law, net worth certificates purchased by the Corporation under this paragraph shall be deemed to be net worth for statutory and regulatory purposes.
"(K) The Corporation may not use its authority under this paragraph to purchase the voting or common stock of a qualified institution. Nothing in this subparagraph shall be construed to limit the ability of the Corporation to enter into and enforce covenants and agreements that it determines to be necessary to protect its financial interests.

97-200 O-84-pt. 2---5: QL3