96 STAT. 1544                                                        PUBLIC LAW 97-320-OCT. 15,1982

                                                              
service contract or the performance of the services, whichever occurs first.
   (d) The Board and the appropriate Federal banking agencies are authorized to issue such regulations and orders as may be necessary to enable them to administer and to carry out the purposes of this Act and to prevent evasions thereof.”
           NEIGHBORHOOD REINVESTMENT CORPORATION
Sec. 710. (a) Section 604 of the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation Act (Public Law 95-557) is amended—
   (1) by redesignating subsections (f), (g), and (h) as subsections (g), (h), and (i), respectively, and by inserting after subsection (e) the following:
      “(f) A director who is necessarily absent from a meeting of the board, or of a committee of the board, may participate in such meeting through a duly designated representative who is serving, pursuant to appointment by the President to the United States, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, in the same department, agency, corporation, or instrumentality as the absent director, or in the case of the Comptroller of the Currency, through a duly designated Deputy Comptroller.”; and
   (2) by inserting in section 604)g), as redesignated, after “members” a comma and the words “or their representatives as provided in subsection (f),”.
   (b) Section 606(c)(3) of such Act is amended by inserting “funds,” after “provide”.

        MARRINER S. ECCLES FEDERAL RESERVE BOARD BUILDING

Sec. 711. The building at 20th and Constitution Avenue, Northwest, in Washington, District of Columbia (commonly known as the Federal Reserve Board Main Building) shall hereafter be known and designated as the “Marriner S. Eccles Federal Reserve Board Building”. Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, record, or other paper of the United States to that building shall be held to be a reference to the “Marriner S. Eccles Federal Reserve Board Building”.


                                              INSURANCE STUDY

Sec. 712. (a) The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation, and the National Credit Union Administration Board shall each conduct a study of—
   (1) the current system of deposit insurance and its impact on the structure and operations of depository institutions;
   (2) the feasibility of providing depositors the option to purchase additional deposit insurance covering deposits in excess of the general limit provided by law and the capabilities of the private insurance system, either directly or through reassurance, to provide risk coverage in excess of the general statutory limit;
   (3) the feasibility of basing deposit insurance premiums on the risk posed by either the insured institution or the category or size of the depository institution rather than the present flat rate system;