PUBLIC LAW 97-320-OCT. 15, 1982

96 STAT. 1483

therewith, subject only to the regulation of the Federal Home Loan Bank Board, or, in cases where the Corporation has been appointed conservator, receiver, or legal custodian solely by a public authority having jurisdiction over the matter other than said Board, subject only to the regulation of such public authority.".

EMERGENCY THRIFT ACQUISITIONS

Sec. 123. (a) Section 408 of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1730a) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following:
"(m)(1)(A)(i) Notwithstanding any provision of the laws or constitution of any State or any provision of Federal law, except as provided in subsections (e)(2) and (1) of this section, and in clause (iii) of this subparagraph, the Corporation, upon its determination that severe financial conditions exist which threaten the stability of a significant number of insured institutions, or of insured institutions possessing significant financial resources, may authorize, in its discretion and where it determines such authorization would lessen the risk to the Corporation, an insured institution that is eligible for assistance pursuant to section 406(f) of this Act to merge or consolidate with, or to transfer its assets and liabilities to, any other insured institution or any insured bank (as such term 'insured bank' is defined in section 3(h) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act), may authorize any other insured institution to acquire control of said insured institution, or may authorize any company to acquire control of said insured institution or to acquire the assets or assume the liabilities thereof.
"(ii) Mergers, consolidations, transfers, and acquisitions under this subsection shall be on such terms as the Corporation shall provide.
"(iii) Where otherwise required by law, transactions under this subsection must be approved by the primary Federal supervisor of the party thereto that is not an insured institution.
"(B)(i) Before making a determination to take any action under subparagraph (A), the Corporation shall consult the State official having jurisdiction of the acquired institution.
"(ii) The State official shall be given a reasonable opportunity, and in no event less than forty-eight hours, to object to the use of the provisions of this paragraph. Such notice may be provided by the Corporation prior to its appointment as receiver, but in anticipation of an impending appointment.
"(iii) If the State official objects during such period, the Corporation may use the authority of this paragraph only by a unanimous vote of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors shall provide to the State official, as soon as practicable, a written certification of its determination.
"(2) In considering authorizations under this subsection, the Corporation may solicit such offers or proposals as are practicable from any prospective purchasers or merger partners it determines, in its sole discretion, are both qualified and capable of acquiring the assets and liabilities of the insured institutions.
"(3)(A) If, after receiving offers, the offer presenting the lowest expense to the Corporation, that is in a form and with conditions acceptable to the Corporation (hereinafter referred to as the 'lowest acceptable offer'), is from an institution that is not an existing in-State insured institution or an in-State savings and loan holding company, the Corporation shall permit each offeror who made an offer the estimated cost of which to the Corporation was within 15