96 STAT. 1534            PUBLIC LAW 97-320—OCT. 15, 1982

“(b) If the bylaws provide for a credit committee, all applications not approved by the loan officer shall be reviewed by the credit committee, and the approval of a majority of the members who are present at the meeting when such review is undertaken shall be required to reverse the loan officer’s decision provided a majority of the full committee is present. If there is not a credit committee, a member shall have the right upon written request of review by the board of directors of a loan application which has been denied. No individual shall have authority to disburse funds of the Federal credit union with respect to any loan or line of credit for which the application has been approved by him in his capacity as a loan officer.”.

REQUIREMENT THAT CREDIT UNION PAY ON ALL DOLLARS AFTER PURCHASE OF FULL SHARE

Sec. 524. Section 117 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1763) is amended to read as follows:
      “DIVIDENDS

“Sec. 117. At such intervals as the board of directors may authorize, and after provision for required reserves, the board of directors may declare, pursuant to such regulations as may be issued by the Board, a dividend to be paid at different rates on different types of shares, at different rates and maturity dates in the case of share certificates, and at different rates on different types of share draft accounts. Dividends credited may be accrued on various types of shares, share certificates, and share draft accounts as authorized by the board of directors. If the par value of a share exceeds $5, dividends shall be paid on all funds in the regular share account once a full share has been purchased.”.

NONPARTICIPATION

Sec. 525. Section 118 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1764) is amended to read as follows:
      “EXPULSION AND WITHDRAWAL

“Sec. 118. (a) Subject to subsection (b) of this section, a member may be expelled by a two-thirds vote of the members of a Federal credit union present at a special meeting called for the purpose, but only after opportunity has been given him to be heard.
      “(b) The board of directors of a Federal credit union may, by majority vote of a quorum of directors, adopt a policy with respect to expulsion from membership based on nonparticipation by a member in the affairs of the credit union. In establishing its policy, the board should consider a member’s failure to vote in annual credit union elections or failure to purchase shares from, obtain a loan from, or lend to the Federal credit union. If such a policy is adopted, written notice of the policy as adopted and the effective date of such policy shall be mailed to each member of the credit union at the member’s current address appearing on the records of the credit union not less than thirty days prior to the effective date of such policy. In addition, each new member shall be provided written notice of any such policy prior to or upon applying for membership.