96 STAT. 1514           PUBLIC LAW 97-320—OCT. 15, 1982

in the Federal Register that all claims to rights of any claimant to obtain title to, or custody or possession of, any unclaimed property in the possession, custody, or control of the Comptroller must be filed within twelve months following the last date of publication of such formal notice in the Federal Register or shall thereafter be barred.
(2) Such notice shall contain the names of last known owners, if any, names and locations of affected closed banks, and a general description of the types of unclaimed property held by the Comptroller. The Comptroller may provide additional notice in local communities as it deems appropriate.
(3)(A) The Comptroller shall not disclose, by publication, inspection or otherwise, information relating to the ownership or description of any specific unclaimed property prior to publication of formal notice under this section.
(B) Thereafter, the Comptroller shall disclose descriptive information of specific unclaimed property only to a claimant thereof. The Comptroller may recoup expenses associated with any publication or other provision of notice from any sale of property authorized by this part. Reasonable opportunity for inspection of specific property by a claimant thereof shall be provided in Washington, District of Columbia.

(b)(1) The Comptroller shall deliver such property to any claimant or his or her legally authorized representative upon receiving proof deemed adequate by the Comptroller that such claimant is entitled to the property, but only if the claimant files for the property within twelve months following the last date formal notice is published in the Federal Register.
(2)(A) The Comptroller shall have authority to determine the validity of all claims filed. The Comptroller may recoup expenses associated with the handling and processing of claims from any sale of property authorized by this part.
(B) All expenses associated with the delivery of any property shall be borne by the claimant. The Comptroller shall not be responsible for any loss in connection with the handling, storage, or delivery of any property to the claimant. The Comptroller may require the claimant to purchase insurance to cover the risk of any loss.

(c)(1) If, after twelve months from the date formal notice is published in the Federal Register, any such property remains in the possession, custody, or control of the Comptroller for which no valid claim has been filed, all rights, title, and interest in such property shall immediately be vested in the United States.
(2) The Comptroller shall thereupon, in his discretion, sell, use, destroy, or otherwise dispose of any such unclaimed property. Such disposition may include donations to the Smithsonian Institution for addition to the national collection.
(3) The proceeds of any sale authorized by this section, after recoupment by the Comptroller of any expenses incurred hereunder, shall be covered into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts.
(d) The United States, the Comptroller, or any officer, employee, or agent thereof shall not be subject to personal or legal liability for any determination as to the validity of any claim or claims filed under this part or for any delivery, sale, destruction, or other disposition of unclaimed property.

(e)(1) A court action to determine legal ownership, entitlement, or right to possession may be filed in any State or Federal court of