PUBLIC LAW 97-320-OCT. 15, 1982	96 STAT. 1497

have such voting rights and such other rights as are thereby provided.
"(C) Except as may be otherwise authorized by an association's charter or regulation of the Board in the case of savings accounts for fixed or minimum terms of not less than fourteen days, the payment of any savings account shall be subject to the right of the association to require such advance notice, not less than fourteen days, as shall be provided for by the charter of the association or the regulations of the Board.
"(D) The payment of withdrawals from accounts in the event an association does not pay all withdrawals in full (subject to the right of the association, where applicable, to require notice) shall be subject to such rules and procedures as may be prescribed by the association’s charter or by regulation of the Board, but any association which, except as authorized in writing by the Board, fails to make full payment of any withdrawal when due shall be deemed to be in an unsafe or unsound condition to transact business within the meaning of subsection (d) of this section.
"(E) Accounts may be subject to check or to withdrawal or transfer on negotiable or transferable or other order or authorization to the association, as the Board may by regulation provide.
"(F) Notwithstanding any limitation of this section, associations may establish remote service units for the purpose of crediting savings or demand accounts, debiting such accounts, crediting payments on loans, and the disposition of related financial transactions, as provided in regulations prescribed by the Board.
"(2) To such extent as the Board may authorize by regulation or advice in writing, an association may borrow, may give security, may be surety as defined by the Board and may issue such notes, bonds, debentures, or other obligations, or other securities, including capital stock, as the Board may so authorize.".

CONVERSIONS TO FEDERAL CHARTERS

Sec. 313. Section 5(i) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act of 1933 (12 U.S.C. 1464(i)) is amended to read as follows:
"(i)(1) Any institution which is, or is eligible to become, a member of a Federal home loan bank may convert itself into a Federal savings and loan association or Federal savings bank under this Act (and in so doing may change directly from the mutual form to the stock form, or from the stock form to the mutual form), but such conversion shall be subject to such rules and regulations as the Board shall prescribe, and thereafter the converted association shall be entitled to all the benefits of this section and shall be subject to examination and regulation to the same extent as other associations incorporated pursuant to this Act.
"(2) Subject to the rules and regulations of the Board, any Federal association may convert itself from the mutual form to the stock form of organization, or from the stock form to the mutual form, and any Federal association may change its designation from a Federal savings and loan association to a Federal savings bank, or the reverse. 
"(3)(A) Any Federal association may convert itself into a savings and loan or savings bank type of institution organized pursuant to the laws of the State, district, commonwealth, or territory (hereinafter referred to in this section as the 'State') in which the principal office of such Federal association is located if—