PUBLIC LAW 97-320-OCT. 15, 1982 
                                      96 STAT. 1471 

    "(7) In its annual report to the Congress, the Corporation shall
report the total amount it has saved, or estimates it has saved, by
exercising the authority provided in this subsection.
    "(8) For purposes of this subsection, the term 'insured institution'
     means an insured  bank as defined in section 3 of this Act or an
insured institution as defined in section 401 of the National Housing
Act.". 
FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION; INSURED FEDERAL SAVINGS BANKS 
    Sec. 112. Section 5 of the Home Owners' Loan Act of 1933 (12 
U.S.C. 1464) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following:
     "(oX1) Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, the Board, subject to the provisions of this subsection, may authorize,
under the rules and regulations of the Board, the conversion of a State-chartered savings bank insured by the Federal Deposit Insur­ance Corporation into a Federal savings bank, if such conversion is 
not in contravention of State law, and provide for the organization,
incorporation, operation, and regulation of such institution.
     "(2)(A) The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation shall insure 
the deposit accounts of any Federal savings bank chartered pursu­ant to this subsection, until such time as the accounts of such institution are insured by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance
   Corporation.
     "(B) The Board shall provide the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corporation with notification of any application under this Act for
conversion to a Federal charter by an institution insured by the 
Corporation, shall consult with the Corporation before disposing of 
the application, and shall provide said Corporation with notification 
any of the Board's determination with respect to such application.
     "(C) The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation shall have the
power to make special examinations of any Federal savings bank it
insures and for which the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation determines an examination is necessary to 
determine the condition of the bank for insurance purposes.
     "(D) Except with the prior written approval of the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation, no Federal savings bank insured by the 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation shall-
         "(i) merge or consolidate with any bank, association, or insti­tution that is not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance
  Corporation;
         "(ii) assume liability to pay any deposits made in, or similar 
liabilities of, any bank, association, or institution that is not
  insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; or 
         "(iii) transfer assets to any bank, association, or institution 
that is not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora­tion in consideration of the assumption of liabilities for anyportion of the deposits made in such bank.
     "(E) In granting any approval required by paragraph (D) of this subsection, the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation shall consider the financial and managerial resources
and the future prospects of the existing and proposed institutions.
     "(F) Notwithstanding section 402(j) of the National Housing Act,
any provision of the constitution or laws of any State, or para­graph (1) of this subsection, if the Federal Deposit Insurance Corpo­ration determines conversion into a Federal stock savings bank or