96 STAT. 1512

PUBLIC LAW 97-320—OCT. 15, 1982

bank or holding company exceed at any time 10 per centum of its capital stock and paid in and unimpaired surplus and in no event shall the purchase of such stock result in an association's acquiring more than 5 per centum of any class of voting securities of such bank or company.".

(c) Section 8(b) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1818(b)) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following:
"(5) This section shall apply, in the same manner as it applies to any insured bank for which the appropriate Federal banking agency is the Comptroller of the Currency, to any national banking association chartered by the Comptroller of the Currency, including an uninsured association." 

(d)(1) Section 2(c) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1841(c)) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following: "The term 'bank' also includes a State chartered bank or a national banking association which is owned exclusively (except to the extent directors' qualifying shares are required by law) by other depository institutions or by a bank holding company which is owned exclusively by other depository institutions and is organized to engage exclusively in providing services for other depository institutions and their officers, directors, and employees."
(2) Section 3(e) of such Act is amended by adding at the end thereof the following: "This subsection does not apply to a bank described in the last sentence of section 2(c)."

12 USC 1842.

NAME OR HEADQUARTERS CHANGE

Sec. 405. (a) Section 2 of the Act of May 1, 1886 (24 Stat. 18; 12 U.S.C. 30) is amended to read as follows:
"Sec. 2. (a) Any national banking association, upon written notice to the Comptroller of the Currency, may change its name, except that such new name shall include the word "National".
"(b) Any national banking association, upon written notice to the Comptroller of the Currency, may change the location of its main office to any authorized branch location within the limits of the city, town, or village in which it is situated, or, with a vote of shareholders owning two-thirds of the stock of such association and upon receipt of a certificate of approval from the Comptroller of the Currency, to any other location within or outside the limits of the city, town, or village in which it is located, but not more than thirty miles beyond such limits."
(b) The first proviso of section 5134 of the Revised Statutes (12 U.S.C. 22) is amended by placing a period after the word "national" and striking the remainder of that sentence.

VENUE PROVISIONS

Sec. 406. Section 5198 of the Revised Statutes (12 U.S.C. 94) is amended to read as follows:
"Sec. 5198. Any action or proceeding against a national banking association for which the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation has been appointed receiver, or against the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as receiver of such association, shall be brought in the district or territorial court of the United States held within the district in which that association's principal place of business is located, or, in the event any State, county, or municipal court has jurisdiction over such an action or proceeding, in such court in the