96 STAT. 1542                   PUBLIC LAW 97-320—OCT. 15, 1982


                                “PERMISSIBLE BANK SERVICE CORPORATION ACTIVITIES FOR OTHER PERSONS

12 USC 1864.	           “Sec. 4. (a) A bank service corporation may provide to any person any service authorized by this section, except that a bank service corporation shall not take deposits.
	                              “(b) Except with the prior approval of the Board under section 5(b) of this Act in accordance with subsection (f) of this section—
		                                 “(1) a bank service corporation shall not perform the services authorized by this section in any State other than that State in which its shareholders are located; and
		                                 “(2) all insured bank shareholders of a bank service corporation shall be located in the same State.
	                              “(c) A bank service corporation in which a State bank is a shareholder shall perform only those services that such State bank shareholder is authorized to perform under the law of the State in which such State bank operates and shall perform such services only at locations in the State in which such State bank shareholder could be authorized to perform such services.
	                              “(d) A bank service corporation in which a national bank is a shareholder shall perform only those services that such national bank shareholder is authorized to perform under this Act and shall perform such services only at locations in the State at which such national bank shareholder could be authorized to perform such services.
	                              “(e) A bank service corporation that has both national bank and State bank shareholders shall perform only those services that may lawfully be performed by both its national bank shareholder or shareholders under this Act and its State bank shareholder or shareholders under the law of the State in which such State bank or banks operate and shall perform such services only at locations in the State at which both its State bank and national bank shareholders could be authorized to perform such services.
	                              “(f) Notwithstanding the other provisions of this section or any other provision of law, other than the provisions of Federal and     State branching law regulating the geographic location of banks to the extent that those laws are applicable to an activity authorized by this subsection, a bank service corporation may perform at any geographic location any service, other than deposit taking, that the Board has determined, by regulation, to be permissible for a bank holding company under section 4(c)(8) of the Bank Holding Company Act.

12 USC 1843.

                                   “PRIOR APPROVAL FOR INVESTMENTS IN BANK SERVICE CORPORATIONS
12 USC 1865.                    “Sec. 5. (a) No insured bank shall invest in the capital stock of a bank service corporation that performs any service under authority of subsection (c), (d), or (e) of section 4 of this Act without the prior approval of the bank's appropriate Federal banking agency.
                                   “(b) No insured bank shall invest in the capital stock of a bank service corporation that performs any service under authority of section 4(f) of this Act and no bank service corporation shall perform any activity under section 4(f) of this Act without the prior approval of the Board.
	                             “(c) In determining whether to approve or deny any application for prior approval under this section, the Board or the appropriate Federal banking agency, as the case may be, is authorized to consid-