96 STAT. 1476	                                                                             PUBLIC LAW 97-320-OCT. 15, 1982 
 
"Insured institution."	

"(A) ‘insured institution’ means a Federal savings and loan association, a Federal savings bank, a building and loan, savings and loan or homestead association or a cooperative bank, the accounts of which are insured by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation, and shall include a Federal savings bank the deposits of which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; 
	
"Uninsured institution."	
	

"(B) ‘uninsured institution’ means any association or bank referred to in subparagraph (A), the accounts of which are not insured by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corpora- tion, except for a Federal savings bank the deposits of which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation;”. 

(c) Section 407(m) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1730(m)) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following: " “(4) The Federal Home Loan Bank Board, or its designated representative, shall have the same power with respect to a Federal association, or affiliate thereof, the deposits of which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as it or the Corporation has under paragraphs (1) and (2) of this subsection with respect to insured institutions, or their affiliates.”. (d) Section 407(1)(6) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1730(1)(6)) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following: "For the purpose of this subsection, the term ‘insured institution’ shall include a Federal savings bank the deposits of which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.”.
	
(e) Section 407(q)(13) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1730(q)(13)) is amended by inserting “(A)” after “(13)” and by adding at the end thereof the following: 

‘‘(B) For the purposes of this subsection, the term ‘insured institution’ shall include a Federal savings bank the deposits of which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.”.

EXTRAORDINARY ACQUISITIONS 

Sec. 116. Section 13 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1823) is amended by inserting after subsection (e) the following: 

‘‘(f)(1) Nothing contained in paragraphs (2) or (3) shall be construed to limit the Corporation's powers in subsection (c) to assist a transaction under paragraphs (2) or (3). 

‘‘(2)(A) Whenever an insured bank with total assets of $500,000,000 or more (as determined from its most recent report of condition) is closed, the Corporation, as receiver, may, in its discretion and upon such terms and conditions as the Corporation may determine, arrange the sale of assets of the closed bank and the assumption of the liabilities of the closed bank, including the sale of such assets to and the assumption of such liabilities by an insured depository institution located in the State where the closed bank was chartered but established by an out-of-State bank or holding company. Where otherwise lawfully required, a transaction under this subsection must be approved by the primary Federal or State supervisor of all parties thereto.

"(B)(i) Before making a determination to take any action under subparagraph (A), the Corporation shall consult the State bank supervisor of the State in which the closed insured bank was chartered.