96 STAT. 1486          PUBLIC LAW 97-320-OCT. 15, 1982

conditions exist increasing the risk to the Corporation, may terminate distribution of shares of the secondary reserve and utilize said reserve on the same basis as the primary reserve. If otherwise authorized, the Corporation may resume such distribution upon its determination that said conditions no longer exist.".

FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK ACT

Sec. 127. Section 17(a) of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1437(a)) is amended by inserting after the first sentence the following: "Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Board may from time time to time make such provision as it deems appropriate authorizing the performance by any officer, employee, agent, or administrative unit thereof of any function of the Board (including any function of the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation), except with regard to promulgation of rules and regulations in accordance with the Administrative Procedure Act, and adjudications subject to such Act.".

CONTINUATION OF INSURANCE

Sec. 128. Section 405(a) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1728(a)) is amended by adding after the first sentence the following: "Whenever the liabilities of an insured institution for accounts shall have been assumed by another insured institution or institutions, whether by way of merger, consolidation, or other statutory assumption, or pursuant to contract, all accounts so assumed shall have separate insurance which shall terminate at the end of six months from the date such assumption takes effect or, in the case of any certificate account, the earliest maturity date after the six-month period.".

PART C-CREDIT UNIONS

CREDIT UNION MERGERS 

Sec. 131. Section 205 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1785) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following:
"(h) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Board may authorize a merger or consolidation of an insured credit union which is insolvent or is in danger of insolvency with any other insured credit union or may authorize an insured credit union to purchase any of the assets of, or assume any of the liabilities of, any other insured credit union which is insolvent or in danger of insolvency if the Board is satisfied that-
"(1) an emergency requiring expeditious action exists with respect to such other insured credit union;
"(2) other alternatives are not reasonably available; and
"(3) the public interest would best be served by approval of such merger, consolidation, purchase, or assumption.
"(i)(1) Notwithstanding any of other provision of this Act or or State law, the Board may authorize an institution whose deposits or accounts  are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation to purchase any of the assets of or assume any of the liabilities of an insured credit union which is insolvent or in danger of insolvency, except that prior to exercising this authority the Board must attempt to