96 STAT. 1508             PUBLIC LAW 97-320—OCT. 15, 1982

in by such member for outstanding capital stock held by such 
member.".

COMPENSATION OF ADVISORY COMMITTEE MEMBERS

    Sec. 354. Section 8a of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act (12 
U.S.C. 1428a) is amended by striking out the fifth sentence and 
inserting in lieu thereof the following: "Subject to the provisions of 
section 7 of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, all members and 
alternates of the Council may be compensated and shall be entitled 
to reimbursement from the Board for traveling expenses incurred in attendance at meetings of such Council.".

WITHDRAWAL FROM MEMBERSHIP

    Sec. 355. (a) Section 6(i) of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act (12 
U.S.C. 1426(i)) is amended by inserting before the period at the end 
of the second sentence the following: ", except that in the case of a 
voluntary withdrawal, such liquidation shall be deemed a prepay 
ment of any such indebtedness, and shall be subject to any penalties 
applicable to such prepayment".
    (b) Section 6 of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1426) 
is amended by adding at the end thereof the following:
    "(m) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, an institu 
tion which withdraws from membership may acquire membership in 
any Federal Home Loan Bank only after the expiration of a period 
of five years thereafter, except where such withdrawal is a conse 
quence of a transfer of membership on a non-interrupted basis 
between Banks.".

TITLE IV—PROVISIONS RELATING TO NATIONAL AND
MEMBER BANKS

    PART A—GENERAL PROVISIONS
    
                    LENDING LIMITS

    Sec. 401. (a) Section 5200 of the Revised Statutes (12 U.S.C. 84) is 
amended to read as follows:
    "SEC. 5200. (a)(1) The total loans and extensions of credit by a 
national banking association to a person outstanding at one time 
and not fully secured, as determined in a manner consistent with 
paragraph (2) of this subsection, by collateral having a market value 
at least equal to the amount of the loan or extension of credit shall 
not exceed 15 per centum of the unimpaired capital and unimpaired 
surplus of the association.
    "(2) The total loans and extensions of credit by a national banking 
association to a person outstanding at one time and fully secured by 
readily marketable collateral having a market value, as determined 
by reliable and continuously available price quotations, at least 
equal to the amount of the funds outstanding shall not exceed 10 per 
centum of the unimpaired capital and unimpaired surplus of the 
association. This limitation shall be separate from and in addition to 
the limitation contained in paragraph (1) of this subsection.
    "(b) For the purposes of this section—
    "(1) the term 'loans and extensions of credit' shall include all 
direct or indirect advances of funds to a person made on the
