96 STAT. 1472            PUBLIC LAW 97-320—OCT. 15, 1982

the chartering of a Federal stock savings bank is necessary to prevent the closing of a savings bank it insures or to reopen a closed savings bank it insured, or if the Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora- tion determines, with the concurrence of the Board, that severe financial conditions exist that threaten the stability of a savings bank insured by such Corporation and that such a conversion or charter is likely to improve the financial condition of such savings bank, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation shall provide to the Board a certificate of such determination, the reasons therefor in conformance with the requirements of this Act, and the bank, without further action by the Board, shall be converted or chartered by the Board, pursuant to the rules and regulations thereof, from the time the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation issues such certificate. 

    "(G) A bank may be converted under subparagraph (F) only where the board of trustees of the bank— 
        "(i) has specified in writing that the bank is in danger of closing or is closed, or that severe financial conditions exist that threaten the stability of the bank and a conversion is likely to improve the financial condition of the bank; and 
        "(ii) has requested in writing that the Corporation use the authority of subparagraph (F). 
        "(H)(i) Before making a determination under subparagraph (F), the Corporation shall consult the State bank supervisor of the State in which the bank in danger of closing is chartered. The State bank supervisor shall be given a reasonable opportunity, and in no event less than forty-eight hours, to object to the use of the provisions of subparagraph (F). 

        "(ii) If the State supervisor objects during such period, the Corpora- tion may use the authority of subparagraph (F) only by a unani- mous vote of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors shall provide to the State supervisor, as soon as practicable, a written certification of its determination. 

   "(3) A Federal savings bank chartered under this subsection shall have the same authority with respect to investments, operations, and activities, and shall be subject to the same restrictions, includ- ing those applicable to branching and discrimination, as would apply to it if it were chartered as a Federal savings bank under any other provision of this Act. 

   "(4) For purposes of the Bank Protection Act of 1968, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Community Reinvestment Act, the Depository Institution Management Interlocks Act, the Depository Institutions Deregulation Act of 1980, the Truth in Lending Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, and section 12(i) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 a Federal savings bank the deposits of which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation shall be regarded as an institution the accounts of which are insured by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation. 
   
   "(5) Notwithstanding any limitation contained in the National Housing Act, the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation, in its sole discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it shall determine, may provide the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation with financial assistance or guarantees in connection with a trans- action subject to paragraph (2)(D) or section 18(c) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.". 

12 USC 1881 note, 2801 note, 2901 note, 3201 note, 3501 note. 15 USC 1601 note, 1691 note, 1692 note, 1693 note, 78l.

12 USC 1828.