PUBLIC LAW 97-320—OCT. 15, 1982	96 STAT. 1509

basis of any obligation of that person to repay the funds or repayable from specific property pledged by or on behalf of the person and to the extent specified by the Comptroller of the Currency, such term shall also include any liability of a national banking association to advance funds to or on behalf of a person pursuant to a contracted commitment; and
	(2) the term "person" shall include an individual, sole proprietor ship, partnership, joint venture, association, trust, estate, business trust, corporation, sovereign government or agency, instrumentality, or political subdivision thereof, or any similar entity or organization.
	(c) The limitations contained in subsection (a) shall be subject to the following exceptions:
		(1) Loans or extensions of credit arising from the discount of commercial or business paper evidencing an obligation to the person negotiating it with recourse shall not be subject to any limitation based on capital and surplus.
		(2) The purchase of bankers’ acceptances of the kind described in section 13 of the Federal Reserve Act and issued by other banks shall not be subject to any limitation based on capital and surplus.
		(3) Loans and extensions of credit secured by bills of lading, warehouse receipts, or similar documents transferring or secur ing title to readily marketable staples shall be subject to a limitation of 35 per centum of capital and surplus in addition to the general limitations if the make value of the staples securing each additional loan or extension of credit at all times equals or exceeds 115 per centum of the outstanding amount of such loan or extension of credit. The staples shall be fully covered by insurance whenever it is customary to insure such staples.
		(4) Loans or extensions of credit secured by bonds, notes, certificates of indebtedness, or Treasury bills of the United States of by other such obligations fully guaranteed as to principal and interest by the Unites States shall not be subject to any limitation based on capital and surplus.
		(5) Loans or extensions of credit to or secured by uncondi tional takeout commitments or guarantees of any department, agency, bureau, board, commission, or establishment of the United States or any corporation wholly owned directly or indirectly by the United States shall not be subject to any limitation based of capital and surplus.
		(6) Loans or extensions of credit secured by a segregated deposit account in the lending bank shall not be subject to any limitation based on capital and surplus.
		(7) Loans or extensions of credit to any financial institution of to any receiver, conservator, superintendent of banks, or other agent in charge of the business and property of such financial institution, when such loans or extensions of credit are approved by the Comptroller of the Currency, shall not be subject to any limitation based on capital and surplus.
		(8)(A) Loans and extensions of credit arising from the dis count of negotiable or nonnegotiable installment consumer paper which carries a full recourse endorsement or uncondi tional guarantee by the person transferring the paper shall be subject under this section to a maximum limitation equal to 25

12 USC 82, 342- 347, 347c, 372.