96 STAT. 1478                    PUBLIC LAW 97-320—OCT. 15, 1982

under the authority of paragraph (2) or (3), the Corporation may
solicit such offers or proposals as are practicable from any prospec-
tive purchasers or merger partners it determines, in its sole discre-
tion, are both qualified and capable of acquiring the assets and
liabilities of the closed bank or the bank in danger of closing.
          "(6)(A) If, after receiving offers, the offer presenting the lowest
expense to the Corporation, that is in a form and with conditions
acceptable to the Corporation (hereinafter referred to as the 'lowest
acceptable offer'), is from an offeror that is not an existing in-State
bank of the same type as the bank that has closed or is in danger of
closing (or, where the closed bank is an insured bank other than a
mutual savings bank, the lowest acceptable offer is not from an
in-State bank holding company), the Corporation shall permit each
offeror who made an offer the estimated cost of which to the
Corporation was within 15 per centum or $15,000,000, whichever is
less, of the initial lowest acceptable offer to submit a new offer.
          "(B) In considering authorizations under this subsection, the Cor-
poration shall give consideration to the need to minimize the cost of
financial assistance and to the maintenance of specialized deposi-
tory institutions. The Corporation shall authorize transactions
under this subsection considering the following priorities:
              "(i) First, between depository institutions of the same type
          within the same State;
              "(ii) Second, between depository institutions of the same type
          in different States;
              "(iii) Third, between depository institutions of different types
          in the same State; and
              "(iv) Fourth, between depository institutions of different types
          in different States.
          "(C) In considering offers from different States, the Corporation
shall give a priority to offers from adjoining States.
          "(D) In determining the cost of offers and reoffers, the Corpora-
tion's calculations and estimations shall be determinative. The Cor-
poration may set reasonable time limits on offers and reoffers.
          "(7) No sale may be made under the provisions of paragraph (2) or
(3)—
              "(A) which would result in a monopoly, or which would be in
          furtherance of any combination or conspiracy to monopolize or
          to attempt to monopolize the business of banking in any part of
          the United States; or
              "(B) whose effect in any section of the country may be sub-
          stantially to lessen competition, or to tend to create a monopoly,
          or which in any other manner would be in restraint of trade,
          unless the Corporation finds that the anticompetitive effects of
          the proposed transactions are clearly outweighed in the public
          interest by the probable effect of the transaction in meeting the
          convenience and needs of the community to be served.
Definitions.
          "(8) As used in this subsection—
              "(A) the term 'receiver' means the Corporation when it has
          been appointed the receiver of a closed insured bank;
              "(B) the term 'insured depository institution' means an
          insured bank or an association or savings bank insured by the
          Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation; and
              "(C) the term 'in-State depository institution or in-State hold-
          ing company' means an existing insured depository institution
          currently operating in the State in which the closed bank or the
          bank in danger of closing is chartered or a company that is