PUBLIC LAW 97-320—OCT. 15, 1982

er the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the bank or banks and bank service corporation involved, including the financial capability of the bank to make a proposed investment under this Act, and possible adverse effects such as undue concentration of resources, unfair or decreased competition, conflicts of interest, or unsafe or unsound banking practices.

"(d) In the event the Board or the appropriate Federal banking agency, as the case may be, fails to act on any application under this section within ninety days of the submission of a complete application to the agency, the application shall be deemed approved.

“SERVICES TO NONSTOCKHOLDERS

“Sec. 6. No bank service corporation shall unreasonably discriminate in the provision of any services authorized under this Act to any depository institution that does not own stock in the service corporation on the basis of the fact that the nonstockholding institution is in competition with an institution that owns stock in the bank service corporation, except that—

"(1) it shall not be considered unreasonable discrimination for a bank service corporation to provide services to a nonstockholding institution only at a price that fully reflects all of the costs of offering those services, including the cost of capital and a reasonable return thereon; and

"(2) a bank service corporation may refuse to provide services to a nonstockholding institution if comparable services are available from another source at competitive overall costs, or if the providing of services would be beyond the practical capacity of the service corporation.

“REGULATION AND EXAMINATION OF BANK SERVICE CORPORATIONS

“Sec. 7. (a) A bank service corporation shall be subject to examination and regulation by the appropriate Federal banking agency of its principal investor to the same extent as its principal investor. The appropriate Federal banking agency of the principal shareholder of such a bank service corporation may authorize any other Federal banking agency that supervises any other shareholder of the bank service corporation to make such an examination.

“(b) A bank service corporation shall be subject to the provisions of the Financial Institutions Supervisory Act of 1966 (12 U.S.C. 1818(b) et seq.) as if the bank service corporation were an insured bank. For this purpose, the appropriate Federal banking agency shall be the appropriate Federal banking agency of the principal investor of the bank service corporation.

“(c) Notwithstanding subsection (a) of this section, whenever a bank that is regularly examined by an appropriate Federal banking agency, or any subsidiary or affiliate of such a bank that is subject to examination by that agency, causes to be performed for itself, by contract or otherwise, any services authorized under this Act, whether on or off its premises—

"(1) such performance shall be subject to regulation and examination by such agency to the same extent as if such services were being performed by the bank itself on its own premises, and

"(2) the bank shall notify such agency of the existence of the service relationship within thirty days after the making of such