PUBLIC LAW 97-320-OCT. 15, 1982

96 STAT. 1503

TYING ARRANGEMENTS

Sec. 331. Section 5 of the Home Owners' Loan Act of 1933 (12 U.S.C. 1464), as amended by sections 112 and 121, is amended by adding at the end thereof the following:
    "(q)(1) An association shall not in any manner extend credit, lease, or sell property of any kind, or furnish any service, or fix or vary the consideration for any of the foregoing, on the condition or requirement-
      "(A) that the customer shall obtain additional credit, property, or service from such association, or from any service corporation or affiliate of such association, other than a loan, discount, deposit, or trust service;
      "(B) that the customer provide additional credit, property, or service to such association, or to any service corporation or affiliate of such association, other than those related to and usually provided in connection with a similar loan, discount, deposit, or trust service; and
      "(C) that the customer shall not obtain some other credit, property, or service from a competitor of such association, or from a competitor of any service corporation or affiliate of such association, other than a condition or requirement that such association shall reasonably impose in connection with credit transactions to assure the soundness of credit.
    "(2)(A) Any person may sue for and have injunctive relief, in any court of the United States having jurisdiction over the parties, against threatened loss or damage by reason of a violation of paragraph (1), under the same conditions and principles as injunctive relief against threatened conduct that will cause loss or damage is granted by courts of equity and under the rules governing such proceedings. 
        "(B) Upon the execution of proper bond against damages for an injunction improvidently granted and a showing that the danger of irreparable loss or damage is immediate, a preliminary injunction may issue. 
        "(3) Any person who is injured in his business or property by reason of anything forbidden in paragraph (1) may sue therefor in any district court of the United States in which the defendant resides or is found or has an agent, without regard to the amount in controversy, or may sue therefor in any other court of competent jurisdiction, and shall be entitled to recover three times the amount of the damages sustained by him, and the cost of suit, including a reasonable attorney's fee. Any such suit shall be brought within four years from the date of the occurrence of the violation. 
        "(4) Nothing contained in this subsection shall be construed as affecting in any manner the right of the United States or any other party to bring an action under any other law of the United States or of any State, including any right which may exist in addition to specific statutory authority, challenging the legality of any act or practice which may be proscribed by this subsection. No regulation or order issued by the Board under this subsection shall in any manner constitute a defense to such action. 
        "(5) For purposes of this subsection-
              "(A) the term 'affiliate' of an association means any individual or company (including any corporation, partnership, trust, joint-stock company, or similar organization) which controls, is 

"Affiliate."