PUBLIC LAW 97-320—OCT. 15, 1982

96 STAT. 1477

(ii) The State bank supervisor shall be given a reasonable opportunity, and in no event less than forty-eight hours, to object to the use of the provisions of this paragraph. Such notice may be provided by the Corporation prior to its appointment as receiver, but in anticipation of an impending appointment.

(iii) If the State supervisor objects during such period, the Corporation may use the authority of this paragraph only by a unanimous vote of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors shall provide to the State supervisor, as soon as practicable, a written certification of its determination.
(3)(A)(i) Whenever the Corporation has determined, in its discretion, that an insured bank organized in mutual form with total assets of $500,000,000 or more (as determined from its most recent report of condition) is in danger of closing, the insured bank may merge with or its assets may be purchased by and its liabilities assumed by another institution, including an insured depository institution located in the State where the insured bank is chartered but established by an out-of-State bank or holding company.

(ii) Where otherwise lawfully required, a transaction under this subsection must be approved by the primary Federal or State supervisor of all parties thereto.

(B) The Corporation may make a determination under paragraph (A) only where the board of trustees of the insured bank and the appropriate Federal or State chartering authority have specified in writing that the bank is in danger of closing and have requested in writing that the Corporation assist a merger or a purchase.

(C) Before making a determination under subparagraph (A), the Corporation shall consult the State bank supervisor of the State in which the bank in danger of closing is chartered.

(ii) The State bank supervisor shall be given a reasonable opportunity, and in no event less than forty-eight hours, to object to the use of the provisions of this paragraph.

(iii) If the State supervisor objects during such period, the Corporation may use the authority of this paragraph only by a unanimous vote of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors shall provide to the State supervisor, as soon as practicable, a written certification of its determination.
(4)(i) Notwithstanding section 3(d) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 or any other provision of law, State or Federal, or the constitution of any State, an institution that merges with or acquires an insured bank under paragraph (2) or (3) is authorized to be and shall be operated as a subsidiary of an out-of-State bank or bank holding company, except that an out-of-State bank may operate the resulting institution as a subsidiary only if such ownership is otherwise specifically authorized.

(ii) Any subsidiary created by operation of this subsection may retain and operate any existing branch or branches of the institution merged with or acquired under paragraph (2) or (3), but otherwise shall be subject to the conditions upon which a national bank may establish and operate branches in the State in which such insured institution is located.

(iii) No insured institution acquired under this subsection shall after it is acquired move its principal office or any branch office where it would be prohibited from moving if the institution were a national bank.
(5) In determining whether to arrange a sale of assets and assumption of liabilities or to permit an acquisition or a merger

12 USC 1842.