96 STAT. 1530 PUBLIC LAW 97-320—OCT. 15, 1982

at the end thereof the following: "; except that on a first or second mortgage loan a Federal credit union may require that any partial prepayments (I) be made on the date monthly installments are due, and (II) be in the amount of that part of one or more monthly installments which would be applicable to principal".

INVESTMENT IN STATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENT OBLIGATIONS

Sec. 514. Section 107(7) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1757(7)) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following: "(L) investments in obligations of, or issued by, any State or political subdivision thereof (including any agency, corporation, or instrumentality of a State or political subdivision), except that no credit union may invest more than 10 per centrum of its unimpaired capital and surplus in the obligations of any one issuer (exclusive of general obligations of the issuer); and".

USE OF SPACE AND FACILITIES

Sec. 515. Section 124 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1770) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following: "For the purpose of this section, the term ‘services’ includes, but is not limited to, the providing of lighting, heating, cooling, electricity, office furniture, office machines and equipment, telephone service (including installation lines and equipment and other expenses associated with telephone service), and security systems (including installation and other expenses associated with security systems). Where there is an agreement for the payment of costs associated with the provision of space or services, nothing in title 31, United States Code, or any other provision of law, shall be construed to prohibit or restrict payment by reimbursement to the miscellaneous receipts or other appropriate account of the Treasury.”.

INVESTMENT IN SECONDARY MARKET INSTRUMENTS

Sec. 516. Section 107(7)(E) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1757(7)(E)) is amended by inserting after the last semicolon the following: "or in obligations, participations, securities, or other instruments of, or issued by, or fully guaranteed as to principal and interest by any other agency of the United States and a Federal credit union may issue and sell securities which are guaranteed pursuant to section 306(g) of the National Housing Act;”.

DEPOSITS IN OUT-OF-STATE INSURED STATE BANKS

Sec. 517. Section 107(8) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1757(8)) is amended by inserting after "in which the Federal credit union does business,” the following: "or in banks or institutions the accounts of which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation,”.

MONEY TRANSFER SERVICES

Sec. 518. Section 107(12) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1757(12)) is amended—