PUBLIC LAW 97-320-OCT. 15, 1982

effect the merger or consolidation of an insured credit union which is insolvent or in danger of insolvency with another insured credit union, as provided in subsection (h).
“(2) For purposes of the authority contained in paragraph (1), insured accounts of the credit union may upon consummation of the purchase and assumption be converted to insured deposits or other comparable accounts in the acquiring institution, and the Board and the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund shall be absolved of any liability to the credit union’s members with respect to those accounts.’’.
BOARD’S AUTHORITY AS CONSERVATOR
Sec. 132. (a) Section 206 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C.
1786) is amended—
(1) by redesignating subsections (h) through (o) as subsections
(i) through (p), respectively; and
(2) by inserting after subsection (g) the following new subsection:
“(h)(1) The Board may, ex parte without notice, appoint itself as conservator and immediately take possession and control of the business and assets of any insured credit union in any case in which—
“(A) the Board determines that such action is necessary to conserve the assets of any insured credit union or to protect the Fund or the interests of the members of such insured credit union; or
“(B) an insured credit union, by a resolution of its board of
directors, consents to such an action by the Board.

“(2)(A) In the case of a State-chartered insured credit union, the authority conferred by paragraph (1) shall not be exercised without
the written approval of the State official having jurisdiction over the State-chartered credit union that the grounds specified for such
exercise exist.
“(B) If such approval has not been received by the Board within ninety days of receipt of notice by the State that the Board has determined such grounds exist, and the Board has responded in writing to the State’s written reasons, if any, for withholding approval, then the Board may proceed without State approval only by a unanimous vote of the Board.
“(3) Not later than ten days after the date on which the Board
takes possession and control of the business and assets of an insured
credit union pursuant to paragraph (1), such insured credit union may apply to the United States district court for the judicial district in which the principal office of such insured credit union is located or the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, for
an order requiring the Board to show cause why it should not be enjoined from continuing such possession and control.
“(4) Except as provided in paragraph (3), in the case of a Federal credit union, the Board may maintain possession and control of the business and assets of such credit union and may operate such credit union until such time—
“(A) as the Board shall permit such credit union to continue business subject to such terms and conditions as may be imposed by the Board; or
“(B) as such credit union is liquidated in accordance with the provisions of section 207. 12 USC 1787.