96 STAT. 1470          PUBLIC LAW 97-320—OCT. 15, 1982

“(ii) to make loans or contributions to, or deposits in, or purchase the securities of, such insured institution or the company which controls or will acquire control of such insured institution;
“(iii) to guarantee such insured institution or the company which controls or will acquire control of such insured institution against loss by reason of such insured institution’s merging or consolidating with or assuming the liabilities and purchasing the assets of such insured bank or by reason of such company acquiring control of such insured bank; or
“(iv) to take any combination of the actions referred to in subparagraphs (i) through (iii).
“(B) For the purpose of subparagraph (A), the insured bank must be an insured bank—
“(i) which is closed;
“(ii) which, in the judgment of the Board of Directors, is in danger of closing; or
“(iii) which, when severe financial conditions exist which threaten the stability of a significant number of insured banks or of insured banks possessing significant financial resources, is determined by the Corporation, in its sole discretion, to require assistance under subparagraph (A) in order to lessen the risk to the Corporation posed by such insured bank under such threat of instability.
“(3) The Corporation may provide any person acquiring control of, merging with, consolidating with or acquiring the assets of an insured bank under section 13(f) of this Act with such financial assistance as it could provide an insured institution under this subsection. 
  12 USC 1823. 
“(4)(A) No assistance shall be provided under this subsection in an amount in excess of that amount which the Corporation determines to be reasonably necessary to save the cost of liquidating, including paying the insured accounts of, such insured bank, except that such restriction shall not apply in any case in which the Corporation determines that the continued operation of such insured bank is essential to provide adequate banking services in its community.
“(B) The Corporation may not use its authority under this subsection to purchase the voting or common stock of an insured bank. Nothing in the preceding sentence shall be construed to limit the ability of the Corporation to enter into and enforce covenants and agreements that it determines to be necessary to protect its financial interest.
“(5)(A) During any period in which an insured bank has received assistance under this subsection and such assistance is still outstanding, such insured bank may defer the payment of any State or local tax which is determined on the basis of the deposits held by such insured bank or of the interest paid on such deposits.
“(B) When such insured bank no longer has any outstanding assistance, such insured bank shall pay all taxes which were deferred under subparagraph (A). Such payments shall be made in accordance with a payment plan established by the Corporation, after consultation with the applicable State and local taxing authorities.
“(6) Any assistance provided under this subsection may be in subordination to the rights of depositors and other creditors.