PUBLIC LAW 103-328—SEPT. 29, 1994      108 STAT. 2367

        “SEC. 5244. INTERPRETATIONS CONCERNING PREEMPTION OF CER-         12 USC 43.
     TAIN STATE LAWS.
        “(a) NOTICE AND OPPORTUNITY FOR COMMENT REQUIRED.—
     Before issuing any opinion letter or interpretive rule, in response
     to a request or upon the agency's own motion, that concludes
     that Federal law preempts the application to a national bank of
     any State law regarding community reinvestment, consumer protec-
     tion, fair lending, or the establishment of intrastate branches, or
     before making a determination under section 5155(f)(1)(A)(ii) of
     the Revised Statutes, the appropriate Federal banking agency (as
     defined in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act) shall—
             “(1) publish in the Federal Register notice of the preemption 
     or discrimination issue that the agency is considering (including 
     a description of each State law at issue);
             “(2) give interested parties not less than 30 days in which 
     to submit written comments; and
                “(3) in developing the final opinion letter or interpretive 
     rule issued by the agency, or making any determination under
     section 5155(f)(1)(A)(ii) of the Revised Statutes, consider any
     comments received.
            “(b) PUBLICATION REQUIRED.—The appropriate Federal banking 
     agency shall publish in the Federal Register—
                “(1) any final opinion letter or interpretive rule concluding 
     that Federal law preempts the application of any State law
     regarding community reinvestment, consumer protection, fair
     lending, or establishment of intrastate branches to a national
     bank; and
             “(2) any determination under section 5155(f)(1)(A)(ii) of the Revised Statutes.
            “(c) EXCEPTIONS.—
               “(1) NO NEW ISSUE OR SIGNIFICANT BASIS.—This section  
     shall not apply with respect to any opinion letter or interpretive
     rule that—
               “(A) raises issues of Federal preemption of State law
     that are essentially identical to those previously resolved
     by the courts or on which the agency has previously issued
     an opinion letter or interpretive rule; or
            “(B) responds to a request that contains no significant
     legal basis on which to make a preemption determination.
              “(2) JUDICIAL, LEGISLATIVE, OR INTRAGOVERNMENTAL MATE-
     RIALS.—This section shall not apply with respect to materials
     prepared for use in judicial proceedings or submission to Con-
     gress or a Member of Congress, or for intragovernmental use.
              “(3) EMERGENCY.—The appropriate Federal banking agency
     may make exceptions to subsection (a) if—
             “(A) the agency determines in writing that the excep-
     tion is necessary to avoid a serious and imminent threat
     to the safety and soundness of any national bank; or
             “(B) the opinion letter or interpretive rule is issued   
     in connection with—
                           “(i) an acquisition of 1 or more banks in default 
     or in danger of default (as such terms are defined
     in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act);  
     or
                           “(ii) an acquisition with respect to which the Fed-
     eral Deposit Insurance Corporation provides assistance