PUBLIC LAW 103-328—SEPT. 29, 1994
                                                                                                                                108 STAT. 2365
as defined by the Director of the Office of Management and
Budget, with a population of 250,000 or more, and any other
area designated as such by the appropriate Federal financial
supervisory agency.
   "(3) STATE.—The term 'State' has the same meaning as
in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act."
   (b) SEPARATE PRESENTATION.—Section 807(b)(1) of the Commu-
nity Reinvestment Act of 1977 (12 U.S.C. 2906(b)(1)) is amended—
      (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (C) as
   clauses (i) through (iii), respectively;
      (2) by striking "The public" and inserting the following:
      "(A) CONTENTS OF WRriTEN EVALUATION.—The public";
   and
      (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph:
      "(B) METROPOLITAN AREA DISTINCTIOINS.—The informa-
   tion required by clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (A)
   shall be presented separately for each metropolitan area
   in which a regulated depository institution maintains one
   or more domestic branch offices.".

SEC. 111. RESTATEMENT OF EXISTING LAW.

   No provision of this title and no amendment made by this
title to any other provision of law shall be construed as affecting
in any way—
       (1) the authority of any State or political subdivision
   of any State to adopt, apply, or administer any tax or method
   of taxation to any bank^ banlc holding company, or foreign
   banlc, or any affiliate of any such banlc, bank holding company,
   or foreign bank, to the extent that such tax or tax method
   is otherwise permissible by or under the Constitution of the
   United States or other Federal law;
       (2) the right of any State, or any political subdivision
   of any State, to impose or maintain a nondiscriminatory fran-
   chise tax or other nonproperty tax instead of a franchise tax
   in accordance with section 3124 of title 31, United States Code;
   or
       (3) the applicability of section 5197 of the Revised Statutes
   or section 27 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.

SEC. 112. GAO REPORT ON DATA COLLECTION UNDER INTERSTATE      
                 BRANCHING.

   (a) IN GENERAL.—The Comptroller General of the United States
shall submit to the Congress, not later than 9 months after the
date of enactment of this Act, a report that—
       (1) examines statutory and regulatory requirements for
   insured depository institutions to collect and report deposit
   and lending data; and
       (2) determines what modifications to such requirements
   are needed, so that the implementation of the interstate branch-
   ing provisions contained in this title will result in no material
   loss of information important to regulatory or congressional
   oversight of insured depository institutions.
   (b) CONSULTATION.—The Comptroller General, in preparing the
report required by this section, shall consult with individuals rep-
resenting the appropriate Federal banking agencies, insured deposi-
tory institutions, consumers, community groups, and other
interested parties.