108 STAT. 2370		PUBLIC LAW 103-328—SEPT. 29, 1994

 	(1) ONE DOLLAR SILVER COINS.—
		(A) ISSUANCE.—The Secretary of the Treasury (hereafter in this section referred to as the “Secretary”) shall issue not more than 800,000 $1 coins, which shall weigh 26.73 grams, have a diameter of 1.500 inches and shall contain 90 percent silver and 10 percent copper.
		(B) DESIGN.—The design of the coins issued under this section shall be emblematic of the 1995 Special Olympics World Games. On each such coin there shall be a designation of the value of the coin, an inscription of the year “1995”, and inscriptions of the words “Liberty”, “In God We Trust”, “United States of America”, and “E Pluribus Unum”.
	(2) LEGAL TENDER.—The coins issued under this section shall be legal tender as provided in section 5103 of title 31, United States Code.
	(3) NUMISMATIC ITEMS.—For purposes of section 5132(a)(1) of title 31, United States Code, all coins minted under this section shall be considered to be numismatic items.
(b) SOURCES OF BULLION.—The Secretary shall obtain silver for the coins minted under this section only from stockpiles established under the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act.
(c) SELECTION OF DESIGN.—The design for the coins authorized by this section shall be selected by the Secretary after consultation with the 1995 Special Olympics World Games Organizing Committee, Inc. and the Commission of Fine Arts. As required by section 5135 of title 31, United States Code, the design shall also be reviewed by the Citizens Commemorative Coin Advisory Committee.
(d) ISSUANCE OF THE COINS.—
	(1) QUALITY OF COINS.—The coins authorized under this section may be issued in uncirculated and proof qualities.
	(2) MINT FACILITY.—Not more than 1 facility of the United States Mint may be used to strike any particular quality of the coins minted under this section.
	(3) PERIOD FOR ISSUANCE.—The Secretary shall issue coins minted under this section during the period beginning on January 15, 1995, and ending on December 31, 1995.
(e) SALE OF THE COINS.—
	(1) SALE PRICE.—The coins issued under this section shall be sold by the Secretary at a price equal to the sum of the face value of the coins, the surcharge provided in paragraph 	(4) with respect to such coins, and the cost of designing and issuing such coins (including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, overhead expenses, marketing, and shipping).
	(2) BULK SALES.—The Secretary shall make bulk sales at a reasonable discount.
	(3) PREPAID ORDERS.—The Secretary shall accept prepaid orders for the coins authorized under this section prior to the issuance of such coins. Sales under this subsection shall be at a reasonable discount.
	(4) SURCHARGE REQUIRED.—All sales shall include a surcharge of $10 per coin.
	(5) INTERNATIONAL SALES.—The Secretary, in cooperation with the 1995 Special Olympics World Games Organizing Committee, shall develop an international marketing program to promote and sell coins outside of the United States.