PUBLIC LAW 103-328—SEPT. 29, 1994

108 STAT. 2379

supporting the United States Mint's numismatic operations and programs, or to allow the distribution of operating profits from the Numismatic Public Enterprise Fund to a recipient organization under any numismatic program.

SEC. 210. STUDY AND REPORT ON THE UNITED STATES FINANCIAL SERVICES SYSTEM.

12 USC 1811
note.

(a) STUDY. —
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of the Treasury (hereafter in this section referred to as the "Secretary") shall, after consultation with the Advisory Commission on Financial Services established under subsection (b), and consultation in accordance with paragraph (3), conduct a study of matters relating to the strengths and weaknesses of the United States financial services system in meeting the needs of the system's users, including the needs of—
(A) individual consumers and households;
(B) communities;
(C) agriculture;
(D) small-, medium-, and large-sized businesses;
(E) governmental and nonprofit entities; and
(F) exporters and other users of international financial services.
(2) MATTERS STUDIED. — The study required under paragraph (1) shall include consideration of—
(A) the changes underway in the national and international economies and the financial services industry, and how those changes affect the financial services system's ability to efficiently meet the needs of the national economy and the system's users during the next 10 years and beyond; and
(B) the adequacy of existing statutes and regulations, and the existing regulatory structure, to meet the needs of the financial services system's users effectively, efficiently, and without unfair, anticompetitive, or discriminatory practices.
(3) CONSULTATION. — Consultation in accordance with this paragraph means consultation with—
(A) the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System;
(B) the Commodity Futures Trading Commission;
(C) the Comptroller of the Currency;
(D) the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision;
(E) the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation;
(F) the Secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development;
(G) the Securities and Exchange Commission;
(H) the Director of the Congressional Budget Office; and
(I) the Comptroller General of the United States.
(b) ADVISORY COMMISSION ON FINANCIAL SERVICES. —
(1) ESTABLISHMENT. — There is established the Advisory Commission on Financial Services (hereafter in this section referred to as the "Advisory Commission").
(2) MEMBERSHIP OF COMMISSION. — The Advisory Commission—