108 STAT. 2364 PUBLIC LAW 103-328—SEPT. 29, 1994

(4) INTERSTATE BRANCH.—The term “interstate branch” means a branch established pursuant to this title or any amendment made by this title to any other provision of law.
(5) OUT-OF-STATE BANK.—The term “out-of-State bank” means, with respect to any State, a bank the home State of which is another State and, for purposes of this section, includes a foreign bank, the home State of which is another State.

SEC. 110. COMMUNITY REINVESTMENT ACT EVALUATION OF BANKS WITH INTERSTATE BRANCHES.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 807 of the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 (12 U.S.C. 2906) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsections:
   “(d) INSTITUTIONS WITH INTERSTATE BRANCHES.—
      “(1) STATE-BY-STATE EVALUATION.—In the case of a regulated financial institution that maintains domestic branches in 2 or more States, the appropriate Federal financial supervisory agency shall prepare—
         “(A) a written evaluation of the entire institution’s record of performance under this title, as required by subsections (a), (b), and (c); and
         “(B) for each State in which the institution maintains 1 or more domestic branches, a separate written evaluation of the institution’s record of performance within such State under this title, as required by subsections (a), (b), and (c).
      “(2) MULTISTATE METROPOLITAN AREAS.—In the case of a regulated financial institution that maintains domestic branches in 2 or more States within a multistate metropolitan area, the appropriate Federal financial supervisory agency shall prepare a separate written evaluation of the institution’s record of performance within such metropolitan area under this title, as required by subsections (a), (b), and (c). If the agency prepares a written evaluation pursuant to this paragraph, the scope of the written evaluation required under paragraph (1)(B) shall be adjusted accordingly.
      “(3) CONTENT OF STATE LEVEL EVALUATION.—A written evaluation prepared pursuant to paragraph (1)(B) shall—
         “(A) present the information required by subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (b)(1) separately for each metropolitan area in which the institution maintains 1 or more domestic branch offices and separately for the remainder of the nonmetropolitan area of the State if the institution maintains 1 or more domestic branch offices in such nonmetropolitan area; and
         “(B) describe how the Federal financial supervisory agency has performed the examination of the institution, including a list of the individual branches examined.
   “(e) DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of this section the following definitions shall apply:
      “(1) DOMESTIC BRANCH.—The term ‘domestic branch’ means any branch office or other facility of a regulated financial institution that accepts deposits, located in any State.
      “(2) METROPOLITAN AREA.—The term ‘metropolitan area’ means any primary metropolitan statistical area, metropolitan statistical area, or consolidated metropolitan statistical area,