PUBLIC LAW 103-328—SEPT. 29, 1994	108 STAT. 2355

"(i) determine that the foreign bank's financial resources, including the capital level of the bank, are equivalent to those required for a domestic bank to be approved for branching under section 5155 of the Revised Statutes and section 44 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act; and
"(ii) consult with the Secretary of the Treasury regarding capital equivalency; and
"(C) shall apply the same requirements and conditions to which an application for an interstate merger transaction is subject under paragraphs (1), (3) and (4) of section 44(b) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.
"(4) OPERATION.—Subsections (c) and (d)(2) of section 44 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act shall apply with respect to each branch and agency of a foreign bank which is established and operated pursuant to an application approved under this subsection in the same manner and to the same extent such provisions of such section apply to a domestic branch of a national or State bank (as such terms are defined in section 3 of such Act) which resulted from a merger transaction under such section 44.
"(5) EXCLUSIVE AUTHORITY FOR ADDITIONAL BRANCHES. — Except as provided in this section, a foreign bank may not, directly or indirectly, acquire, establish, or operate a branch or agency in any State other than the home State of such bank.
"(6) REQUIREMENT FOR A SEPARATE SUBSIDIARY. —If the Board or the Comptroller of the Currency, taking into account differing regulatory or accounting standards, finds that adherence by a foreign bank to capital requirements equivalent to those imposed under section 5155 of the Revised Statutes and section 44 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act could be verified only if the banking activities of such bank in the United States are carried out in a domestic banking subsidiary within the United States, the Board and (in the case of an application under paragraph (1)) the Comptroller of the Currency may approve an application under paragraph (1) or (2) subject to a requirement that the foreign bank or company controlling the foreign bank establish a domestic banking subsidiary in the United States.
"(7) ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY FOR INTERSTATE BRANCHES AND AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS. —Notwithstanding paragraphs (1) and (2), a foreign bank may, with the approval of the Board and the Comptroller of the Currency, establish and operate a Federal branch or Federal agency or, with the approval of the Board and the appropriate State bank supervisor, a State branch or State agency in any State outside the foreign bank's home State if—
(A) the establishment and operation of a branch or agency is expressly permitted by the State in which the branch or agency is to be established; and
"(B) in the case of a Federal or State branch, the branch receives only such deposits as would be permissible for a corporation organized under section 25a of the Federal Reserve Act.
"(9) HOME STATE OF DOMESTIC BANK DEFINED. —For purposes of this subsection, the term 'home State' means—