117 STAT. 1192          PUBLIC LAW 108–100—OCT. 28, 2003

the Secretary of the Treasury and for the management by financial institutions of their cash and securities.

(4) It is imperative that the process for providing financial services to the Government be transparent, and provide the 
information necessary for the Congress to effectively exercise its appropiation and oversight responsibilities.

(5) The use of direct payment for services rendered would strengthen cash and debt management responsibilities of the 
Secretary of the Treasury because the Secretary would no longer need to dramatically increase or decrease the level of such balances when interest rates fluctuate sharply or when the public debt outstanding reaches the statutory debt limit.

(6) An alternative to the use of compensating balances, such as direct payments to financial institutions, would ensure that payments to financial institutions for the services they provide would be made in a more predictable manner and could result in cost savings.

(7) Limiting the use of compensating balances could result in a more direct and cost-efficient method of obtaining those 
services currently provided under compensating balance arrangements.

(8) A transition from the use of compensating balances to another compensation method must be carefully managed to prevent higher-than-necessary transition costs and enable participating financial institutions to modify their planned investment of cash and securities.
 
(b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR SERVICES REN- 
DERED BY DEPOSITARIES AND FINANCIAL AGENTS OF THE UNITED 
STATES.—There are authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after fiscal year 2003 to the Secretary of the Treasury such sums as may be necessary for reimbursing financial institu- tions in their capacity as depositaries and financial agents of the United States for all services required or directed by the Secretary of the Treasury, or a designee of the Secretary, to be performed by such financial individuals on behalf of the Secretary of the Treasury or another Federal agency, including services rendered before fiscal year 2004.

(c) ORDERLY TRANSITION.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—As appropriations authorized in sub- section (b) become available, the Secretary of the Treasury shall promptly begin the process of phasing in the use of the appropriations to pay financial institutions serving as depositaries and financial agents of the United States, and transitioning from the use of compensating balances to fund these services.
 
(2) POST-TRANSITION USE LIMITED TO EXTRAORDINARY CIR- CUMSTANCES.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—Following the transition to the use of the appropriations authorized in subsection (b), the Sec- retary of the Treasury may use the compensating balances to pay financial institutions serving as depositaries and financial agents of the United States only in extraordinary situations where the Secretary determines that they are needed to ensure the fiscal operations of the Government continue to function in an efficient and effective manner.

(B) REPORT.—Any use of compensating balances pursu- ant to subparagraph (A) shall promptly be reported by