PUBLIC LAW 108-100—OCT. 28, 2003

117 STAT. 1179

(i) IN GENERAL.—The term “returning bank” means a bank (other than the paying or depositary bank) handling a returned check or notice in lieu of return.
(ii) TREATMENT AS COLLECTING BANK.—No provision of this Act shall be construed as affecting the treatment of a returning bank as a collecting bank for purposes of section 4-202(b) of the Uniform Commercial Code.
(4) BOARD.—The term “Board” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
(5) BUSINESS DAY.—The term “business day” has the same meaning as in section 602(3) of the Expedited Funds Availability Act.
(6) CHECK.—The term “check”—
(A) means a draft, payable on demand and drawn on or payable through or at an office of a bank, whether or not negotiable, that is handled for forward collection or return, including a substitute check and a travelers check; and
(B) does not include a noncash item or an item payable in a medium other than United States dollars.
(7) CONSUMER.—The term “consumer” means an individual who—
(A) with respect to a check handled for forward collection, draws the check on a consumer account; or
(B) with respect to a check handled for return, deposits the check into, or cashes the check against, a consumer account.
(8) CONSUMER ACCOUNT.—The term “consumer account” has the same meaning as in section 602(10) of the Expedited Funds Availability Act.
(9) CUSTOMER.—The term “customer” means a person having an account with a bank.
(10) FORWARD COLLECTION.—The term “forward collection” means the transfer by a bank of a check to a collecting bank for settlement or the paying bank for payment.
(11) INDEMNIFYING BANK.—The term “indemnifying bank” means a bank that is providing an indemnity under section 6 with respect to a substitute check.
(12) MICR LINE.—The terms “MICR line” and “magnetic ink character recognition line” mean the numbers, which may include the bank routing number, account number, check number, check amount, and other information, that are printed near the bottom of a check in magnetic ink in accordance with generally applicable industry standards.
(13) NONCASH ITEM.—The term “noncash item” has the same meaning as in section 602(14) of the Expedited Funds Availability Act.
(14) PERSON.—The term “person” means a natural person, corporation, unincorporated company, partnership, government unit or instrumentality, trust, or any other entity or organization.
(15) RECONVERTING BANK.—The term “reconverting bank” means—
(A) the bank that creates a substitute check; or