117 STAT. 1190            PUBLIC LAW 108-100—OCT. 28, 2003
shall publish model forms and clauses that a bank may use to describe each of the elements required by subsection (a). 
(2) SAFE HARBOR.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—A bank shall be treated as being in compliance with the requirements of subsection (a) if the bank’s substitute check notice uses a model form or clause published by the Board and such model form or clause accurately describes the bank’s policies and practices. 
(B) DELETION OR REARRANGEMENT.—A bank may delete any information in the model form or clause that is not required by this Act or rearrange the format. 
(3) USE OF MODEL LANGUAGE NOT REQUIRED.—This section shall not be construed as requiring any bank to use a model form or clause that the Board prepares under this subsection. 

SEC. 13. EFFECT ON OTHER LAW. 
This Act shall supersede any provision of Federal or State law, including the Uniform Commercial Code, that is inconsistent with this Act, but only to the extent of the inconsistency. 
12 USC 5012. 

SEC. 14. VARIATION BY AGREEMENT. 
(a) SECTION 8.—Any provision of section 8 may be varied by agreement of the banks involved. 
(b) NO OTHER PROVISIONS MAY BE VARIED.—Except as provided in subsection (a), no provision of this Act may be varied by agreement of any person or persons. 
12 USC 5013. 

SEC. 15. REGULATIONS. 
The Board may prescribe such regulations as the Board determines to be necessary to implement, prevent circumvention or evasion of, or facilitate compliance with the provisions of this Act. 
12 USC 5014. 

SEC. 16. STUDY AND REPORT ON FUNDS AVAILABILITY. 
(a) STUDY.—In order to evaluate the implementation and the impact of this Act, the Board shall conduct a study of— 
(1) the percentage of total checks cleared in which the paper check is not returned to the paying bank; 
(2) the extent to which banks make funds available to consumers for local and nonlocal checks prior to the expiration of maximum hold periods; 
(3) the length of time within which depositary banks learn of the nonpayment of local and nonlocal checks; 
(4) the increase or decrease in check-related losses over the study period; and 
(5) the appropriateness of the time periods and amount limits applicable under sections 603 and 604 of the Expedited Funds Availability Act, as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. 
Deadline. 

(b) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Before the end of the 30-month period beginning on the effective date of this Act, the Board shall submit a report to the Congress containing the results of the study conducted under this section, together with recommendations for legislative action.