106 STAT. 4046		PUBLIC LAW 102-550—OCT. 28, 1992

      "(C) The extent to which the national bank, Federal
      branch, or Federal agency has fully cooperated with law
      enforcement authorities with respect to the investigation
      of the money laundering offense of which the bank, Federal
      branch, or Federal agency was found guilty.
      "(D) The extent to which the national bank, Federal
      branch, or Federal agency has implemented and followed
      internal controls (since the commission of the offense of
      which the bank, Federal branch, or Federal agency was
      found guilty) to prevent the occurrence of any other money
      laundering offense.
      "(E) The extent to which the interest of the local
      community in having adequate deposit and credit services
      available would be threatened by the forfeiture of the fran-
      chise.

      "(3) SUCCESSOR LIABILITY.—This subsection shall not apply
      to a successor to the interests of, or a person who acquires,
      a bank, a Federal branch, or a Federal agency that violated
      a provision of law described in paragraph (1), if the successor
      succeeds to the interests of the violator, or the acquisition
      is made, in good faith and not for purposes of evading this
      subsection or regulations prescribed under this subsection.

      "(4) DEFINITION.—The term 'senior executive officer' has
      the same meaning as in regulations prescribed under section
      32(f) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act."
(b) FEDERAL SAVINGS ASSOCIATIONS.—Section 5 of the Home
Owners' Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1464) is amended by adding at the
end the following:
      "(w) FORFEITURE OF FRANCHISE FOR MONEY LAUNDERING OR
CASH TRANSACTION REPORTING OFFENSES.—
      "(1) IN GENERAL.—
      "(A) CONVICTION OF TITLE 18 OFFENSE.—
            "(i) DUTY TO NOTIFY.—If a Federal savings associa-
            tion has been convicted of any criminal offense under
            section 1956 or 1957 of title 18, United States Code,
            the Attorney General shall provide to the Director
            a written notification of the conviction and shall
            include a certified copy of the order of conviction from
            the court rendering the decision.
            "(ii) NOTICE OF TERMINATION; PRETERMINATION
            HEARING.—After receiving written notification from the
            Attorney General of such a conviction, the Director
            shall issue to the savings association a notice of the
            Director's intention to terminate all rights, privileges,
            and franchises of the savings association and schedule
            a pretermination hearing.
       "(B) CONVICTION OF TITLE 31 OFFENSES.—If a Federal
       savings association is convicted of any criminal offense
       under section 5322 of title 31, United States Code, after
       receiving written notification from the Attorney General,
       the Director may issue to the savings association a notice
       of the Director's intention to terminate all rights, privileges,
       and franchises of the savings association and schedule a
       pretermination hearing.

      "(C) JUDICIAL REVIEW.—Subsection (d)(1)(B)(vii) shall
      apply to any proceeding under this subsection.