PUBLIC LAW 96-221—MAR. 31, 1980      		94 STAT. 191

    (2) the term "Comptroller" means the Comptroller of the
Currency;
    (3) the term "claimant" means a depositor or other creditor
who asserts a claim against a closed national bank for a liquidating dividend; and
    (4) the term "liquidating dividend" means an amount of money
in the closed receivership fund determined by a receiver of a
closed national bank or by the Comptroller to be owed by that
bank to a depositor or other creditor.

TERMINATION OF CLOSED RECEIVERSHIP FUND

SEC. 723. (a) The Comptroller shall publish notice once a week for
four weeks in the Federal Register that all rights of depositors and
other creditors of closed national banks to collect liquidating dividends from the closed receivership fund shall be barred after twelve months following the last date of publication of such notice.
    (b) The Comptroller shall pay the principal amount of a liquidating dividend, exclusive of any income earned thereon, to a claimant presenting a valid claim, if the claimant applies to collect within twelve months following the last date notice is published.
    (c) If a creditor shall fail to apply to collect a liquidating dividend within twelve months after the last date notice is published, all rights of the claimant against the closed receivership fund with respect to the liquidating dividend shall be barred.
    (d) The principal amount of any liquidating dividends (1) for which claims have not been asserted within twelve months following the last date notice is published or (2) for which the Comptroller has determined a valid claim has not been submitted shall, together with any income earned on liquidating dividends and other moneys, if any, remaining in the closed receivership fund, be covered into the general funds of the Comptroller.

Notice, publication in
Federal Register.
12 USC 191 note.

TITLE VIII—REGULATORY SIMPLIFICATION

SHORT TITLE

SEC. 801. This title may be cited as the "Financial Regulation
Simplification Act of 1980".
      	
Financial Regulation Simplication Act of 1980.
12 USC 3501 note.
	
FINDINGS

SEC. 802. The Congress hereby finds that many regulations issued
by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Board
of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the
Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Home Loan Bank Board,
and the National Credit Union Administration Board (hereinafter in
this title referred to as the "Federal financial regulatory agencies")
often impose costly, duplicative, and unnecessary burdens on both
financial institutions and consumers. Regulations should be simple
and clearly written. Regulations should achieve legislative goals
effectively and efficiently. Regulations should not impose unnecessary costs and paperwork burdens on the economy, on financial
institutions, or on consumers.

"Federal financial regulatory
agencies."

12 USC 3521.
	
POLICY

SEC. 803. Any regulation issued by the Federal financial regulatory
agencies shall, to the maximum extent practicable, insure that—

12 USC 3522.

79-194 0-81—pt.1-16:0L3
