PUBLIC LAW 96-221—MAR. 31, 1980

narrow enough to prevent such tolerances from resulting in misleading disclosures or disclosures that circumvent the purposes of this title.

“§ 122. Form of disclosure; additional information
“(a) Information required by this title shall be disclosed clearly and conspicuously, in accordance with regulations of the Board. The terms ‘annual percentage rate’ and ‘finance charge’ shall be disclosed more conspicuously than other terms, data, or information provided in connection with a transaction, except information relating to the identity of the creditor. Regulations of the Board need not require that disclosures pursuant to this title be made in the order set forth in this title and, except as otherwise provided, may permit the use of terminology different from that employed in this title if it conveys substantially the same meaning.
“(b) Any creditor or lessor may supply additional information or explanation with any disclosures required under chapters 4 and 5 and, except as provided in section 128(b)(1), under this chapter.”.

RESCISSION

Sec. 612. (a)(1) Section 125(a) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1635(a)) is amended to read as follows:
“(a) Except as otherwise provided in this section, in the case of any consumer credit transaction (including opening or increasing the credit limit for an open end credit plan) in which a security interest, including any such interest arising by operation of law, is or will be retained or acquired in any property which is used as the principal dwelling of the person to whom credit is extended, the obligor shall have the right to rescind the transaction until midnight of the third business day following the consummation of the transaction or the delivery of the information and rescission forms required under this section together with a statement containing the material disclosures required under this title, whichever is later, by notifying the creditor, in accordance with regulations of the Board, of his intention to do so. The creditor shall clearly and conspicuously disclose, in accordance with regulations of the Board, to any obligor in a transaction subject to this section the rights of the obligor under this section. The creditor shall also provide, in accordance with regulations of the Board, appropriate forms for the obligor to exercise his right to rescind any transaction subject to this section.”.
(2) Section 103 of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1602), as amended by section 603(b), is amended by adding at the end thereof the following:
“(u) The term ‘material disclosures’ means the disclosure, as required by this title, of the annual percentage rate, the method of determining the finance charge and the balance upon which a finance charge will be imposed, the amount of the finance charge, the amount to be financed, the total of payments, the number and amount of payments, and the due dates or periods of payments scheduled to repay the indebtedness.”.
(3) Section 125(b) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1635(b)) is amended by striking out “ten days” each place it appears therein and inserting in lieu thereof “20 days”.
(4) Section 125(b) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1635(b)) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new sentence: “The procedures prescribed by this subsection shall apply except when otherwise ordered by a court.”.