PUBLIC LAW 96-221—MAR. 31, 1980				94 STAT. 139

		"(A) balances maintained for such purposes by such depository
institution in the Federal Reserve bank of which it is a member
or at which it maintains an account, except that (i) the Board
may, by regulation or order, permit depository institutions to
maintain all or a portion of their required reserves in the form of
vault cash, except that any portion so permitted shall be identi-
cal for all depository institutions, and (ii) vault cash may be used
to satisfy any supplemental reserve requirement imposed pursu-
ant to subsection (b)(4), except that all such vault cash shall be
excluded from any computation of earnings pursuant to subsec-
tion (b)(4)(C); and
		
		"(B) balances maintained by a depository institution which is
not a member bank in a depository institution which maintains
required reserve balances at a Federal Reserve bank, in a
Federal Home Loan Bank, or in the National Credit Union
Administration Central Liquidity Facility, if such depository
institution, Federal Home Loan Bank, or National Credit Union
Administration Central Liquidity Facility maintains such funds
in the form of balances in a Federal Reserve bank of which it is a
member or at which it maintains an account. Balances received
by a depository institution from a second depository institution
and used to satisfy the reserve requirement imposed on such
second depository institution by this section shall not be subject
to the reserve requirements of this section imposed on such first
depository institution, and shall not be subject to assessments or
reserves imposed on such first depository institution pursuant to
section 7 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1817),
section 404 of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1727), or
section 202 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1782).
		
		"(2) The balances maintained to meet the reserve requirements
of subsection (b) by a depository institution in a Federal Reserve bank or passed through a Federal Home Loan Bank or the National Credit Union Administration Central Liquidity Facility or another depository institution to a Federal Reserve bank may be used to satisfy
liquidity requirements which may be imposed under other provisions
of Federal or State law.".

		(b) The first sentence of section 5A(b)(1) of the Federal Home Loan
Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1425a(b)) is amended—
		
		(1) by striking out "and" before "(D)"; and
		(2) by inserting before the period at the end thereof the
following: "; and (E) balances maintained in a Federal Reserve
bank or passed through a Federal Home Loan Bank or another
depository institution to a Federal Reserve bank pursuant to the
Federal Reserve Act".

						12 USC 226.

				MISCELLANEOUS AMENDMENTS

		SEC. 105. (a) The first paragraph of section 13 of the Federal
Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 342) is amended--
		
		(1) by inserting "or other depository institutions" after
"member banks";
		(2) by inserting "or other items" after "payable upon presenta-
tion" the first and third place it appears therein;
		(3) by inserting "or other items" after "payable upon presenta-
tion within its district";
		(4) by inserting "or other depository institution" after "non-
member bank or trust company" each place it appears therein;