94 STAT. 186		PUBLIC LAW 96-221—MAR. 31, 1980

(c) Notwithstanding subsections (a) and (b), any creditor may comply with the amendments made by this title, in accordance with the regulations, forms, and clauses prescribed by the Board, prior to such effective date.

TITLE VII—AMENDMENTS TO THE NATIONAL BANKING LAWS
PART A — NATIONAL BANKING LAWS

POWER TO HOLD REAL PROPERTY OR INTERESTS IN REAL PROPERTY

SEC. 701. (a) Section 5137 of the Revised Statutes (12 U.S.C. 29) is amended—
     (1) by inserting before the period at the end of the last paragraph thereof the following: "except as otherwise provided in this section"; and
     (2) by adding at the end thereof the following new paragraph: “For real estate in the possession of a national banking association upon application by the association, the Comptroller of the Currency may approve the possession of any such real estate by such association for a period longer than five years, but not to exceed an additional five years, if (1) the association has made a good faith attempt to dispose of the real estate within the five-year period, or (2) disposal within the five-year period would be detrimental to the association. Upon notification by the association to the Comptroller of the Currency that such conditions exist that require the expenditure of funds for the development and improvement of such real estate, and subject to such conditions and limitations as the Comptroller of the Currency shall prescribe, the association may expend such funds as are needed to enable such association to recover its total investment " .

(b) Section 4(a) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1843(a)) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following: "Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the period ending December 31, 1980, referred to in paragraph (2) above, may be extended by the Board of Governors to December 31, 1982, but only for the divestiture by a bank holding company of real estate or interests in real estate lawfully acquired for investment or development. In making its decision whether to grant such extension, the Board shall consider whether the company has made a good faith effort to divest such interests and whether such extension is necessary to avert substantial loss to the company.".

DIVIDENDS ON PREFERRED STOCK

SEC. 702, The first sentence of subsection (a) of section 302 of the Act entitled "An Act to provide relief in the existing national emergency in banking, and for other purposes", approved March 9, 1933 (12 U.S.C. 51b), is amended by striking out "at a rate not exceeding 6 per centum per annum ".

CONSIDERATION OF PREFERRED STOCK IN DETERMINING IMPAIRMENT OF CAPITAL

SEC. 703. The third sentence of section 345 of the Banking Act of 1935 (12 U.S.C. 51b-1) is amended by striking out "at a rate not exceeding six per centum per annum".