PUBLIC LAW 96-221—MAR. 31, 1980
94 STAT. 159

political subdivision, agency or instrumentality of any one or more of the foregoing, and bankers’ acceptances, as the Board may approve; and
“(D) to such extent as the Board may so approve, shares or certificates of any open-end management investment company which is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and the portfolio of which is restricted by such investment company’s investment policy, changeable only if authorized by shareholder vote, solely to any of the obligations or other investments enumerated in subparagraphs (A) through (C).
“(2) The requirement prescribed by the Board pursuant to this subsection (hereinafter in this section referred to as the ‘liquidity requirement’) may not be less than 4 per centum or more than 10 per centum of the obligation of the institution on withdrawable accounts and borrowings payable on demand or with unexpired maturities of one year or less, or in the case of institutions which are insurance companies, such other base or bases as the Board may determine to be comparable. The Board shall prescribe rules and regulations to implement the provisions of this subsection.”

STUDY OF MORTGAGE PORTFOLIOS

Sec. 406. (a)(1) The President shall convene an interagency task force consisting of the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, the Federal Home Loan Bank Board, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Comptroller of the Currency, and the National Credit Union Administration Board. The task force shall conduct a study and make recommendations regarding—
(A) the options available to provide balance to the asset-liability management problems inherent in the thrift portfolio structure;
(B) the options available to increase the ability of thrift institutions to pay market rates of interest in period of rapid inflation and high interest rates; and
(C) the options available through the Federal Home Loan Bank system and other Federal agencies to assist thrifts in times of economic difficulties.
(2) In carrying out such study, the task force shall solicit the views of, and invite participation by, consumer and public interest groups, business, labor, and State regulators of depository institutions.
(b) Not later than three months after the date of enactment of this Act, the task force shall transmit to the President and the Congress its findings and recommendations for such action as it deems appropriate.

MUTUAL CAPITAL CERTIFICATES

Sec. 407. (a) Section 5(b) of the Home Owners' Loan Act of 1933 (12 U.S.C. 1464(b)) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following:
‘‘(5)(A) In accordance with rules and regulations issued by the Board, mutual capital certificates may be issued and sold directly to subscribers or through underwriters and such certificates shall constitute part of the general reserve and net worth of the issuing association. The Board, in its rules and regulations relating to the issuance and sale of mutual capital certificates, shall provide that such certificates—
