PUBLIC LAW 96-221—MAR. 31, 1980
just a few more such items or their collection and settlement.  In prescribing such rules and regulations, the Board may adopt or apply, in whole or in part, general banking usage and practices, and, in instances or respects in which they would otherwise not be applicable, Federal Reserve regulations and operating letters, the Uniform Commercial Code, and clearinghouse rules.”.

ALASKA USA FEDERAL CREDIT UNION

Sec. 313. Any person who is a member of the Alaska USA Federal Credit Union prior to any termination date which is contained in section 5 of the charter of such credit union and which would otherwise apply to such person may continue to be a member of such credit union on and after such date until the expiration of two years after the date of the enactment of this Act.  For purposes of this section, the term "member of the Alaska USA Federal Credit Union" means any person who has an account at such credit union.

TITLE IV—POWERS OF THRIFT INSTITUTIONS AND
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

FEDERAL SAVINGS AND LOAN INVESTMENT AUTHORITY

Sec. 401. Section 5(c) of the Home Owners' Loan Act of 1933 (12 U.S.C. 1464(c)) is amended to read as follows:
"(c) An association may to such extent, and subject to such rules and regulations as the Board may prescribe from time to time, invest in, sell, or otherwise deal with the following loans, or other investments:
"(1) Loans or investments without percentage of assets limitation: Without limitation as to percentage of assets, the following are permitted:
"(A) ACCOUNT LOANS.—Loans on the security of its savings accounts and loans specifically related to negotiable order-of-withdrawal accounts.
"(B) SINGLE-FAMILY AND MULTI-FAMILY MORTGAGE LOANS.—Loans on the security of liens upon residential real property in an amount which, when added to the amount unpaid upon prior mortgages, liens or encumbrances, if any, upon such real estate does not exceed the appraised value thereof, except that the amount of any such loan hereafter made shall not exceed 66 ⅔ per centum of the appraised value if such real estate is unimproved, 75 per centum of the appraised value if such real estate is improved by offsite improvements such as street, water, sewers, or other utilities, 75 per centum of the appraised value if such real estate is in the process of being improved by a building or buildings to be constructed or in the process of construction, or 90 per centum of the appraised value if such real estate is improved by a building or buildings.  Notwithstanding the above loan-to-value ratios, the Board may permit a loan-to-value ratio in excess of 90 per centum if such real estate is improved by a building or buildings and that portion of the unpaid balance of such loan which is in excess of an amount equal to 90 per centum of such value is guaranteed or insured by a public or private mortgage insurer or in the case of any loan for the purpose of providing housing for persons of low income, as described in regulations of the Board.