94 STAT. 164

PUBLIC LAW 96-221—MAR. 31, 1980

PART B—BUSINESS AND AGRICULTURAL LOANS

BUSINESS AND AGRICULTURAL LOANS 

12 USC 86a.

SEC. 511. (a) If the applicable rate prescribed in this section exceeds the rate a person may be permitted to charge in the absence of this section, such person may in the case of a business or agricultural loan in the amount of $25,000 or more, notwithstanding any State constitution or statute which is hereby preempted for the purposes of this section, take, receive, reserve, and charge on any such loan, interest at a rate of not more than 5 per centum in excess of the discount rate, including any surcharge thereon, on ninety-day commercial paper in effect at the Federal Reserve bank in the Federal Reserve district where the person is located. 
(b) If the rate prescribed in subsection (a) exceeds the rate such person would be permitted to charge in the absence of this section, and such State imposed rate is thereby preempted by the rate described in subsection (a), the taking, receiving, reserving, or charging a greater rate than is allowed by subsection (a), when knowingly done, shall be deemed a forfeiture of the entire interest which the loan carries with it, or which has been agreed to be paid thereon. If such greater rate of interest has been paid, the person who paid it may recover, in a civil action commenced in a court of appropriate jurisdiction not later than two years after the date of such payment, an amount equal to twice the amount of interest paid from the person taking, receiving, reserving, or charging such interest.

EFFECTIVE DATE OF PART B 

12 USC 86a note.

SEC. 512. The provisions of this part shall apply only with respect to business or agricultural loans in amounts of $25,000 or more made in any State during the period beginning on April 1, 1980, and ending on the earlier of— 
(1) April 1, 1983; or 
(2) the date, on or after April 1, 1980, on which such State adopts a law or certifies that the voters of such State have voted in favor of any provision, constitutional or otherwise, which states explicitly and by its terms that such State does not want the provisions of this part to apply with respect to loans made in such State, except that such provisions shall apply to any loan made on or after such earlier date pursuant to a commitment to make such loan which was entered into on or after April 1, 1980, and prior to such earlier date.

PART C—OTHER LOANS 

INSURED BANKS 

12 USC 1831d.

SEC. 521. The Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1811 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new section: 
“SEC. 27. (a) In order to prevent discrimination against State-chartered insured banks, including insured savings banks and insured mutual savings banks, or insured branches of foreign banks with respect to interest rates, if the applicable rate prescribed in this subsection exceeds the rate such State bank or insured branch of a foreign bank would be permitted to charge in the absence of this subsection, such State bank or such insured branch of a foreign bank may, notwithstanding any State constitution or statute which is