PUBLIC LAW 96-221—MAR. 31, 1980	94 STAT. 167

the principal office of the small business investment company is located.

"(iii) The rate described in this subparagraph shall not apply to loans made in a State if there is no maximum rate authorized by applicable State law or constitutional provision for such loans or there is a maximum rate authorized by an applicable State law or constitutional provision which is not preempted for purposes of this subsection.

"(3) A State law or constitutional provision shall be preempted for purposes of paragraph (2)(B) with respect to any loan if such loan is made before the date, on or after April 1, 1980, on which such State adopts a law or certifies that the voters of such State have voted in favor of any provision, constitutional or otherwise, which states explicitly and by its terms that such State does not want the provisions of this subsection to apply with respect to loans made in such State, except that such State law or constitutional or other provision shall be preempted in the case of a loan made, on or after the date on which such law is adopted or such certification is made, pursuant to a commitment to make such loan which was entered into on or after April 1, 1980, and prior to the date on which such law is adopted or such certification is made.

"(4)(A) If the maximum rate of interest authorized under paragraph (2) on any loan made by a small business investment company exceeds the rate which would be authorized by applicable State law if such State law were not preempted for purposes of this subsection, the charging of interest at any rate in excess of the rate authorized by paragraph (2) shall be deemed a forfeiture of the greater of (i) all interest which the loan carries with it, or (ii) all interest which has been agreed to be paid thereon.

"(B) In the case of any loan with respect to which there is a forfeiture of interest under subparagraph (A), the person who paid the interest may recover from a small business investment company making such loan an amount equal to twice the amount of the interest paid on such loan. Such interest may be recovered in a civil action commenced in a court of appropriate jurisdiction not later than two years after the most recent payment of interest." 

EFFECTIVE DATE

Sec. 525. The amendments made by sections 521 through 523 of this title shall apply only with respect to loans made in any State during the period beginning on April 1, 1980, and ending on the date, on or after April 1, 1980, on which such State adopts a law or certifies that the voters of such State have voted in favor of any provision, constitutional or otherwise, which states explicitly and by its terms that such State does not want the amendments made by such sections to apply with respect to loans made in such State, except that such amendments shall apply to a loan made on or after the date such law is adopted or such certification is made if such loan is made pursuant to a commitment to make such loan which was entered into on or after April 1, 1980, and prior to the date on which such law is adopted or such certification is made. 

SEVERABILITY

Sec. 526. If any provision of this Act or the application of such provision to any person or circumstance shall be held invalid, the remainder of this Act and the application of such provision to any 12 USC 1730g note.

12 USC 1730g note.

