94 STAT. 158            PUBLIC LAW 96-221—MAR. 31, 1980

the association a notice of intent to revoke the authority of the association to exercise the powers granted by this subsection. The notice shall contain a statement of the facts constituting the alleged unlawful or unsound exercise of powers, or failure to exercise powers, or failure to comply, and shall fix a time and place at which a hearing will be held to determine whether an order revoking authority to exercise such powers should issue against the association.
"(B) Such hearing shall be conducted in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d)(7), and subject to judicial review as therein provided, and shall be fixed for a date not earlier than thirty days and not later than sixty days after service of such notice unless an earlier or later date is set by the Board at the request of any association so served.

Hearing.

"(C) Unless the association so served shall appear at the hearing by a duly authorized representative, it shall be deemed to have consented to the issuance of the revocation order. In the event of such consent, or if upon the record made at any such hearing, the Board shall find that any allegation specified in the notice of charges has been established, the Board may issue and serve upon the association an order prohibiting it from accepting any new or additional trust accounts and revoking authority to exercise any and all powers granted by this subsection, except that such order shall permit the association to continue to service all previously accepted trust accounts pending their expeditious divestiture or termination.

"(D) A revocation order shall become effective not earlier than the expiration of thirty days after service of such order upon the association so served (except in the case of a revocation order issued upon consent, which shall become effective at the time specified therein), and shall remain effective and enforceable, except to such extent as it is stayed, modified, terminated, or set aside by action of the Board or a reviewing court.".

Effective date.

CONVERSIONS

SEC. 404. The first sentence of section 5(i) of the Home Owners' Loan Act of 1933 (12 U.S.C. 1464(i)) is amended by inserting ", and any State stock savings and loan type institution may (if such institution existed in stock form for at least the 4 years preceding the date of enactment of the Depository Institutions Deregulation and Monetary Control Act of 1980) convert its charter to a Federal stock charter under this Act," after "Federal savings and loan association under this Act".

Ante, p. 132.

LIQUIDITY REQUIREMENTS

SEC. 405. Section 5A(b) of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1425a(b)) is amended to read as follows: 

"(b)(1) Any institution which is a member or which is an insured institution as defined in section 401(a) of the National Housing Act shall maintain the aggregate amount of its assets of the following types at not less than such amount as, in the opinion of the Board, is appropriate: 

12 USC 1724.
 
"(A) cash; 
"(B) to such extent as the Board may approve for the purposes of this section, time and savings deposits in Federal Home Loan Banks and commercial banks; 
"(C) to such extent as the Board may so approve, such obligations, including such special obligations, of the United States, a State, any territory or possession of the United States, or a