94 STAT. 174      PUBLIC LAW 96-221—MAR. 31, 1980

sistent, creditors located in that State may not make disclosures using the inconsistent term or form, and shall incur no liability under the law of that State for failure to use such term or form, notwithstanding that such determination is subsequently amended, rescinded, or determined by judicial or other authority to be invalid for any reason.
            “(2) Upon its own motion or upon the request of any creditor. State, or other interested party which is submitted in accordance with procedures prescribed in regulations of the Board, the Board shall determine whether any disclosure required under the law of any state is substantially the same in meaning as a disclosure required under this title. If the Board determines that a State-required disclosure is substantially the same in meaning as a disclosure required by this title, then creditors located in that State may make such disclosure in compliance with such State law in lieu of the disclosure required by this title, except that the annual percentage rate and finance charge shall be disclosed as required by section 122.”.
            State-required disclosure.
            Post, p. 175.
ANNUAL REPORTS
  Sec. 610. (a) Section 114 of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1613) is amended by striking out “Not later than January 3 of each year after 1969,” and inserting in lieu thereof “Each year”.
            (b) Section 18(f)(6) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 57a(f)(6)) is amended by striking out “not later than March 15 of”.
            (c) Section 707 of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. 1691f) is amended by striking out “Not later than February 1 of each year after 1976” and inserting in lieu thereof “Each year”.
GENERAL DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS
   Sec. 611. Sections 121 and 122 of the Truth In Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1631 and 1632) are amended to read as follows:
   “S 121. General requirement of disclosure
          “(a) Subject to subsection (b), a creditor or lessor shall disclose to the person who is obligated on a consumer lease or a consumer credit transaction the information required under this title. In a transac- tion involving more than one obligor, a creditor or lessor, except in a transaction under section 125, need not disclose to more than one of such obligors if the obligor given disclosure is a primary obligor. .
            “(b) If a transaction involves one creditor as defined in section 103(f), or one lessor as defined in section 181(3), such creditor or lessor shall make the disclosures. If a transaction involves more than one creditor or lessor, only one creditor or lessor shall be required to make the disclosures. The Board shall by regulation specify which creditor or lessor shall make the disclosures.
            "(c) The Board may provide by regulation that any portion of the information required to be disclosed by this title may be given in the form of estimates where the provider of such information is not in a position to know exact information.
            “(d) The Board shall determine whether tolerances for numerical disclosures other than the annual percentage rate are necessary to facilitate compliance with this title, and if it determines that such tolerances are necessary to facilitate compliance, it shall by regula- tion permit disclosures within such tolerances. The Board shall exercise its authority to permit tolerances for numerical disclosures other than the annual percentage rate so that such tolerances are