94 STAT. 146			                      PUBLIC LAW 96-221–MAR. 31, 1980
drawn upon the bank, pursuant to terms and conditions prescribed by
the Board.”.
	(b) Section 18(g) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C
1828(g)) is amended by inserting “(1)” after “(g)” and by adding at the
end thereof the following new paragraph:
		“(2) Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (1), an insured
nonmember bank may permit withdrawals to be made automatically
from a savings deposit that consists only of funds in which the entire
beneficial interest is held by one or more individuals through payment 
to the bank itself or through transfer of credit to a demand
deposit or other account pursuant to written authorization from the
depositor to make such payments or transfers in connection with
checks or drafts drawn upon the bank, pursuant to terms and
conditions prescribed by the Board of Directors.”.
		                                                          NOW ACCOUNTS
	Sec. 303. Section 2(a) of Public Law 93-100 (12 U.S.C. 1832(a)) is
amended to read as follows:
	“(a)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law but subject to
paragraph (2), a depository institution is authorized to permit the
owner of a deposit or account on which interest or dividends are paid
to make withdrawals by negotiable or transferable instruments for
the purpose of making transfers to third parties.
		“(2) Paragraph (1) shall apply only with respect to deposits or
accounts which consist solely of funds in which the entire beneficial
interest is held by one or more individuals or by an organization
which is operated primarily for religious, philanthropic, charitable,
educational, or other similar purposes and which is not operated for
profit.”.
                                            REMOTE SERVICE UNITS
	Sec. 304. Section 5(b)(1) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act of 1933 (12
U.S.C. 1464(b)(1)) is amended by adding at the end thereof the
following new sentence: “This section does not prohibit the establish-
ment of remote service units by associations for the purpose of
crediting savings accounts, debiting such accounts, crediting pay-
ments on loans, and the disposition of related financial transactions,
as provided in regulations prescribed by the Board.”.
                                            SHARE DRAFTS
    Sec. 305.  (a) Section 101(5) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12
U.S.C. 1752(5)) is amended—
      (1) by striking out “or share certificate” each place it appears
therein and inserting in lieu thereof “ , share certificate, or share
draft account”; and
        (2) by striking out “or  ‘share certificate’ ” and inserting in lieu
thereof “, share certificate, or ‘share draft’ ”.
    (b) Section 107(6) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1757(6))
is amended by striking out “credit unions serving” and all that
follows through the end thereof and inserting in lieu thereof “credit
unions serving predominately low-income members (as defined by the
Board) servants on—
        “(A) shares which may be issued at varying dividend rates;
      “(B) share certificates which may be issued at varying dividend
rates and maturities; and
      “(C) share draft accounts authorized under section 205(f);
12 USC 1785.