94 STAT. 162					PUBLIC LAW 96-221—MAR. 31, 1980

		(2)(A) The provisions of the constitution or law of any State expressly limiting the rate or amount of interest which may be charged, taken, received, or reserved shall not apply to any deposit or account held by, or other obligation of a depository institution. For purposes of this paragraph, the term "depository institution" means—
''Depository
institution.''
                               (i) any insured bank as defined in section 3 of the Federal
                       Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813);
                               (ii) any mutual savings bank as defined in section 3 of the
                       Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813);
                               (iii) any savings bank as defined in section 3 of the Federal
                       Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813);
                               (iv) any insured credit union as defined in section 101 of the
                       Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1752);
                               (v) any member as defined in section 2 of the Federal Home
                       Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1422); and
                               (vi) any insured institution as defined in section 408 of the
                       National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1730a).
Exemption.
                   (B) This paragraph shall not apply to any such deposit, account, or
12 USC 1813. obligation which is payable only at an office of an insured bank, as
 Effective date. defined in section  3  of the Federal  Deposit Insurance  Act, located in
                       the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.
                   (b)(1) Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), the provisions of
                       subsection (a)(1) shall apply to any loan, mortgage, credit sale, or
                       advance made  in any State on or after April 1, 1980.
Exemption.
                   (2) Except as provided in paragraph (3), the provisions of subsection
State action.
                       (a)(1) shall not apply to any loan, mortgage, credit sale, or advance
                       made in any State after the date (on or after April 1, 1980, and before
                       April 1, 1983) on which such State adopts a law or certifies that the
                       voters of such State have voted in favor of any provision, constitu-
                       tional or otherwise, which states explicitly and by its terms that such
                       State does not want the provisions of subsection (a)(1) to apply with
                       respect to loans, mortgages, credit sales, and advances made in such
                       State.
                   (3) In any case in which a State takes an action described in
                       paragraph (2), the provisions of subsection (a)(1) shall continue to
                       apply to—
                   (A) any loan, mortgage, credit sale, or advance which is made
                           after the date such action was taken pursuant to a commitment
                           therefor which was entered during the period beginning on
                           April 1, 1980, and ending on the date on which such State takes
                           such action; and
                   (B) any loan, mortgage, or advance which is a rollover of a loan,
                           mortgage, or advance, as described in regulations of the Federal
                           Home Loan Bank Board, which was made or committed to be
                           made during the period beginning on April 1, 1980, and ending on
                           the date on which such State takes any action described in
                           paragraph (2).
                    (4) At any time after the date of enactment of this Act, any State
Discount points, may adopt a provision of law placing limitations on discount points or
limitation.
                       such other charges on any loan, mortgage, credit sale, or advance
                       described in subsection (a)(I).
                   (c) The provisions of subsection (a)(1) shall not apply to a loan,
                       mortgage, credit sale, or advance which is secured by a first lien on a
                       residential manufactured home unless the terms and conditions
                       relating to such loan, mortgage, credit sale, or advance comply with
                       consumer protection provisions specified in regulations prescribed by
                       the Federal Home Loan Bank Board. Such regulations shall—