94 STAT, 156           PUBLIC LAW 96-221-MAR, 31, 1980

tion therewith, and otherwise engage in or participate in credit card operations.".

                             TRUST POWERS

  SEC. 403. Section 5 of the Home Owners' Loan Act of 1933 (12 U.S.C. 1464) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new subsection:
  "(m)(1) The Board is authorized and empowered to grant by special permit to an association applying therefor, when not in contravention of State or local law, the right to act as trustee, executor, administrator, guardian, or in any other fiduciary capacity in which State banks, trust companies, or other corporations which come into competition with associations are permitted to act under the laws of the State in which the association is located. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Board, service corporations may invest in State or federally-chartered corporations which are located in the State in which the home office of the association is located and which are engaged in trust activities.
  "(2) Whenever the laws of such State authorize or permit the exercise of any or all of the foregoing powers by State banks, trust companies, or other corporations which compete with associations, the granting to and the exercise of such powers by associations shall not be deemed to be in contravention of State or local law within the meaning of this section.
  "(3) Associations exercising any or all of the powers enumerated in this section shall segregate all assets held in any fiduciary capacity from the general assets of the association and shall keep a separate set of books and records showing in proper detail all transactions engaged in under authority of this section. The State banking authority involved may have access to reports of examination made by the Board insofar as such reports relate to the trust department of such association but nothing in this section shall be construed as authorizing such State banking authority to examine the books, records, and assets of such associations.
  "(4) No association shall receive in its trust department deposits of current funds subject to check or the deposit of checks, drafts, bills of exchange, or other items for collection or exchange purposes. Funds deposited or held in trust by the association awaiting investment shall be carried in a separate account and shall not be used by the association in the conduct of its business unless it shall first set aside in the trust department United States bonds or other securities approved by the Board.
  "(5) In the event of the failure of such association, the owners of the funds held in trust for investment shall have a lien on the bonds or other securities so set apart in addition to their claim against the estate of the association.
  "(6) Whenever the laws of a State require corporations acting in a fiduciary capacity to deposit securities with the State authorities for the protection of private or court trusts, associations so acting shall be required to make similar deposits and securities so deposited shall be held for the protection of private or court trusts, as provided by the State law. Associations in such cases shall not be required to execute the bond usually required of individuals if State corporations under similar circumstances are exempt from this requirement. Associations shall have power to execute such bond when so required by the laws of the State involved.