PUBLIC LAW 96-221—MAR. 31, 1980
94 STAT. 155

Housing Act or of a commitment or agreement for such insurance.
    “(ii) Investments in housing project loans having the benefit of any guaranty under section 221 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 or loans having the benefit of any guaranty under section 224 of such Act, or any commitment or agreement with respect to such loans made pursuant to either of such sections and in the share capital and capital reserves of the Inter-American Savings and Loan Bank. This authority extends to the acquisition, holding, and disposition of loans having the benefit of any guaranty under section 221 or 222 of such Act, or of any commitment or agreement for any such guaranty.
    “(iii) Investments under clause (i) of this subparagraph shall not be included in any percentage of assets or other percentage referred to in this subsection. Investments under clause (ii) of this subparagraph shall not exceed, in the case of any association, 1 per centum of the assets of such association.
    “(D) STATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENT OBLIGATIONS.—An association whose general reserves, surplus, and undivided profits aggregate a sum in excess of that amount which is determined by the Board for the purpose of the third sentence of section 403(b) of the National Housing Act is authorized to invest in obligations which constitute prudent investments, as defined by the Board, of its home State and political subdivisions thereof (including any agency, corporation, or instrumentality) if (i) the proceeds of such obligations are to be used for rehabilitation, financing, or the construction of residential real estate, and (ii) the aggregate amount of all investments under this subparagraph shall not exceed the amount of the association’s general reserves, surplus, and undivided profits.

    “(6) DEFINITIONS.—As used in this subsection—
        “(A) the terms 'residential real property' or 'residential real estate' mean leaseholds, homes (including condominiums and cooperatives, except that in connection with loans on individual cooperative units, such loans shall be adequately secured as defined by the Board), combinations of homes and business property, other dwelling units, or combinations of dwelling units including homes and business property involving only minor or incidental business use, or property to be improved by construction of such structures;
        “(B) the term 'loans' includes obligations and extensions or advances of credit; and any reference to a loan or investment includes an interest in such a loan or investment; and
        “(C) the term 'State' means any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, the Canal Zone, Guam, American Samoa, and any territory or possession of the United States."

CREDIT CARDS

SEC. 402. Section 5(b) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act of 1933 (12 U.S.C. 1464(b)) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new paragraph:
    “(4) An association is authorized, subject to such regulations as the Board may prescribe, to issue credit cards, extend credit in connec-