PUBLIC LAW 96-221—MAR. 31, 1980

94 STAT. 189

Comptroller of the Currency, upon the request of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, is authorized to assign examiners appointed under this section to examine foreign operations of State banks which are members of the Federal Reserve System.".

OWNERSHIP INTEREST OF DIRECTORS OF NATIONAL BANKS

Sec. 710. The second sentence of section 5146 of the Revised Statutes (12 U.S.C. 72) is amended by striking out the second sentence and inserting in lieu thereof the following: "Every director must own in his or her own right either shares of the capital stock of the association of which he or she is a director the aggregate par value of which is not less than $1,000, or an equivalent interest, as determined by the Comptroller of the Currency, in any company which has control over such association within the meaning of section 2 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1841). if the capital of the bank does not exceed $25,000, every director must own in his or her own right either shares of such capital stock the aggregate par value of which is not less than $500, or an equivalent interest, as determined by the Comptroller of the Currency, in any company which has control over such association within the meaning of section 2 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1841).".

PURCHASE OF STOCK IN BANKERS' BANKS

Sec. 711. The paragraph numbered "Seventh" of section 5136 of the Revised Statutes (12 U.S.C. 24 (7)) is amended by inserting before the period at the end thereof the following: ": Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph, the association may purchase for its own account shares of stock of a bank insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation if the stock of such bank is owned exclusively by other banks (except to the extend State law requires directors qualifying shares) and if such bank is engaged exclusively in providing banking services for other banks and their officers, directors, or employees, but in no event shall the total amount of such stock held by the association exceed at any time 10 per centum of its capital stock and paid in and unimpaired surplus, and in no event shall the purchase of stock result in the association's acquiring more than 5 per centum of any class of voting securities of such bank".

INTERSTATE TRUST OPERATIONS

Sec. 712. (a) Section 5169 of the Revised Statutes (12 U.S.C. 27) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following: "Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding sentence, a national bank association the operations of which are limited as provided in the preceding sentence shall be deemed an additional bank within the contemplation of section 3 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956.".

(b) Section 3(d) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1842 (d)) is amended by inserting "(1)" after "d)" and by adding at the end thereof the following:
"(2)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the restrictions contained in paragraph (1) regarding the acquisition of shares of assets of, or interests in, an additional bank shall apply to the acquisition of shares or assets of, or interests in, a trust company.