94 STAT. 166                                                                             PUBLIC LAW 96-221—MAR. 31, 1980 
                                                           INSURED CREDIT UNIONS   
Ante, p. 147. 
Sec. 523. Section 205 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1785) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new subsection: 
           “(g)(l) If the applicable rate prescribed in this subsection exceeds the rate an insured credit union would be permitted to charge in the absence of this subsection, such credit union may, notwithstanding any State constitution or statute which is hereby preempted for the purposes of this subsection, take, receive, reserve, and charge on any loan, interest at a rate of not more than 1 per centum in excess of the discount rate on ninety-day commercial paper in effect at the Federal Reserve bank in the Federal Reserve district where such insured credit union is located or at the rate allowed by the laws of the State, territory, or district where such credit union is located, whichever may be greater.

           (2) If the rate prescribed in paragpaph (1) exceeds the rate such credit union would be permitted to charge in the absence of this subsection, and such State fixed rate is thereby preempted by the rate described in paragraph (1), the taking, receiving, reserving, or charging a greater rate than is allowed by paragraph (1), when knowingly done, shall be deemed a forfeiture of the entire interest which the loan carries with it, or which has been agreed to be paid thereon. If such greater rate of interest has been paid, the person who paid it may recover, in a civil action commenced in a court of appropriate jurisdiction not later than two years after the date of such payment, an amount equal to twice the amount of interest paid from the credit union taking or receiving such interest.”.


                                               SMALL BUSINESS INVESTMENT COMPANIES 
Sec. 524. Section 308 of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 687) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new subsection: 

            “(i)(1) The purpose of this subsection is to facilitate the orderly and necessary flow of long-term loans and equity funds form small business investment companies to small business concerns.
            
            “(2) In the case of a business loan, the small business investment company making such loan may charge interest on such loan at a rate which does not exceed the lowest of the rates described in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C). 

                 “(A) The rate described in this subparagraph is the maximum rate prescribed by regulation by the Small Business Administration for loans made by any small business investment company (determined without regard to any State rate incorporated by such regulation).

                 (B) The rate described in the subparagraph is the maximum rate authorized by an applicable State law or constitutional provision which is not preempted for purposes of this subsection.

                 (C)(i) The rate described in this subparagraph is the higher of the Federal Reserve rate or the maximum rate authorized by applicable State law or constitutional provision (determined without regard to the preemption of such state law or constitutional provision).

                 “(ii) For purposes of clause (i), the term ‘Federal Reserve rate’ means the rate equal to the sum of 1 percentage point plus the discount rate on ninety day commercial paper in effect at the Federal Reserve bank in the Federal Reserve district in which