PUBLIC LAW 96-221—MAR. 31, 1980        94 STAT. 143

DIRECTIVE TO THE COMMITTEE

Sec. 204. (a) The Deregulation Committee shall, by regulation, 
exercise the authorities transferred by section 203 to provide for the 
orderly phase-out and the ultimate elimination of the limitations on 
the maximum rates of interest and dividends which may be paid on 
deposits and accounts as rapidly as economic conditions warrant. The 
phase-out of such limitations may be achieved by the Deregulation 
Committee by the gradual increase in such limitations applicable to 
all existing categories of accounts, the complete elimination of the 
limitations applicable to particular categories of accounts, the cre-
ation of new categories of accounts not subject to limitations or with 
limitations set at current market rates, any combination of the above 
methods, or any other method.

(b) The Deregulation Committee shall work toward providing all 
depositors with a market rate of return on their savings with due 
regard for the safety and soundness of depository institutions. Pursu-
ant to the authority granted by this title, the Deregulation Commit-
tee shall increase all limitations on the maximum rates of interest 
and dividends which may be paid on deposits and accounts to market 
rates as soon as feasible, except that the Deregulation Committee 
shall not increase such limitations above market rates during the six-
year period beginning on the date of enactment of this title.

TARGETS

Sec. 205. (a) In order to assist the Deregulation Committee in 
establishing the limitations on the maximum rates of interest and 
dividends which may be paid on all deposits and accounts at market 
rates as soon as feasible and in order to provide maximum assurance 
that interest rate controls will be phased-out during the 6-year period 
following the date of enactment of this title, the Deregulation 
Committee shall vote, not later than 18 months after such date of 
enactment, on whether to increase the limitations on the maximum 
rates applicable to passbook and similar savings accounts by at least 
one-fourth of one percentage point during such 18-month period, and 
shall vote, not later than the end of each of the third, fourth, fifth, 
and sixth years after such date of enactment, on whether to increase 
the limitations on the maximum rates applicable to all categories of 
deposits and accounts by at least one-half of one percentage point.

(b) The Deregulation Committee may, consistent with the purposes 
of this title, adjust the limitations on the rates applicable to all 
categories of deposits and accounts to rates which are higher or lower
than the targets set forth in this section.

REPORTS

Sec. 206. Each member of the Deregulation Committee shall 
separately report to the Congress annually after the date of enact-
ment of this Act regarding the economic viability of depository 
institutions. Each such report shall contain—

(1) an assessment of whether the removal of any differential 
between the rates payable on deposits and accounts by banks and 
those payable by thrift institutions will adversely affect the
housing finance market or the viability of the thrift industry;

(2) recommendations for measures which would encourage 
savings, provide for the equitable treatment of small savers, and 
ensure a steady and adequate flow of funds to thrift institutions 
and the housing market;