PUBLIC LAW 96-221—MAR. 31, 1980
price of the property or services, additional charges, and the finance charge.
“(8) Descriptive explanations of the terms ‘amount financed’, ‘finance charge’, ‘annual percentage rate’, ‘total of payments’, and ‘total sale price’ as specified by the Board. The descriptive explanation of ‘total sale price’ shall include reference to the amount of the downpayment.
“(9) Where the credit is secured, a statement that a security interest has been taken in (A) the property which is purchased as part of the credit transaction, or (B) property not purchased as part of the credit transaction identified by item or type.
“(10) Any dollar charge or percentage amount which may be imposed by a creditor solely on account of a late payment, other than a deferral or extension charge.
“(11) A statement indicating whether or not the consumer is entitled to a rebate of any finance charge upon refinancing or prepayment in full pursuant to acceleration or otherwise, if the obligation involves a precomputed finance charge. A statement indicating whether or not a penalty will be imposed in those same circumstances if the obligation involves a finance charge computed from time to time by application of a rate to the unpaid principal balance.
“(12) A statement that the consumer should refer to the appropriate contract document for any information such document provides about nonpayment, default, the right to accelerate the maturity of the debt, and prepayment rebates and penalties.
“(13) In any residential mortgage transaction, a statement indicating whether a subsequent purchaser or assignee of the consumer may assume the debt obligation on its original terms and conditions.”.
(b) Section 128(b) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1638(b)) is amended to read as follows:
“(b)(1) Except as otherwise provided in this chapter, the disclosures required under subsection (a) shall be made before the credit is extended. Except for the disclosures required by subsection (a)(1) of this section, all disclosures required under subsection (a) and any disclosure provided for in subsection (b), (c), or (d) of section 106 shall be conspicuously segregated from all other terms, data, or information provided in connection with a transaction, including any computations or itemization.
“(2) In the case of a residential mortgage transaction, as defined in section 103(w), which is also subject to the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, good faith estimates of the disclosures required under subsection (a) shall be made in accordance with regulations of the Board under section 121(c) before the credit is extended, or shall be delivered or placed in the mail not later than three business days after the creditor receives the consumer’s written application, whichever is earlier. If the disclosure statement furnished within three days of the written application contains an annual percentage rate which is subsequently rendered inaccurate within the meaning of section 107(c), the creditor shall furnish another statement at the time of settlement or consummation.”.
(c) Section 128(c) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1638(c)) is amended—
(1) by inserting “(1)” after “(c)”;
(2) by striking out “deferred” payment price” and inserting in lieu thereof “total sale price”, and
(3) by adding at the end thereof the following new paragraph: