94 STAT. 142                                                                          PUBLIC LAW 96-221--MAR. 31, 1980
                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                                   Depository Institutions Deregulation Act of 1980. 12 USC 3501 note.

                  TITLE II—DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS DEREGULATION

                                                                                          SHORT TITLE

                                    Sec. 201. This title may be cited as the "Depository Institutions
                                    Deregulation Act of 1980".

                                                                         FINDINGS AND PURPOSE

                                    12 USC 3501. Sec. 202. (a) The Congress hereby finds that—
                                         (1) limitations on the interest rates which are payable on
                                          deposits and accounts discourage persons from saving money,
                                          create inequities for depositors, impede the ability of depository
                                          institutions to compete for funds, and have not achieved their
                                          purpose of providing an even flow of funds for home mortgage
                                          lending; and
                                         (2) all depositors, and particularly those with modest savings,
                                          are entitled to receive a market rate of return on their savings as
                                          soon as it is economically feasible for depository institutions to
                                          pay such rate.
                                     (b) It is the purpose of this title to provide for the orderly phase-out
                                          and the ultimate elimination of the limitations on the maximum
                                          rates of interest and dividends which may be paid on deposits and
                                          accounts by depository institutions by extending the authority to
                                          impose such limitations for 6 years, subject to specific standards
                                          designed to ensure a phase-out of such limitations to market rates of
                                          interest.

                                                                ESTABLISHMENT AND AUTHORITY OF COMMITTEE

                                      Sec. 203. (a) The authorities conferred by section 19(j) of the Federal
 Depository                        Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 371b), section 18(g) of the Federal Deposit
 Institutions                      Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1828(g)), and section 5B(a) of the Federal
 Deregulation                     Home Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1425b(a)) or by any other provision of
 Committee.                        Federal law, other than section 117 of the Federal Credit Union Act
 12 USC 3502.                     (12 U.S.C. 1763), to prescribe rules governing the payment of interest
                                          and dividends and the establishment of classes of deposits or ac-
                                          counts, including limitations on the maximum rates of interest and
                                          dividends which may be paid on deposits and accounts, and the 
                                          authority conferred by the provisions of section 102 of Public Law
                                          94-200 (12 U.S.C. 461 note) are hereby transferred to the Depository
                                          Institutions Deregulation Committee (hereinafter in this title re-
                                          ferred to as the "Deregulation Committee").
          Members.             (b) The Deregulation Committee shall consist of the Secretary of 
                                          the Treasury, the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal 
                                          Reserve System, the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the 
                                          Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Chairman of the Federal
                                          Home Loan Bank Board, and the Chairman of the National Credit 
                                          Union Administration Board, who shall be voting members, and the 
                                          Comptroller of the Currency who shall be a nonvoting member of the
                                          Deregulation Committee. The Deregulation Committee shall hold
                                          public meetings at least quarterly. All meetings of the Deregulation 
                                          Committee shall be conducted in conformity with the provisions of 
                                          section 552b of title 5, United States Code. The Deregulation Commit-
                                          tee may not take any action unless such action is approved by a
                                          majority vote of the voting members of the Deregulation Committee.
         Delegation of          (c) The authorities conferred by this title on the Deregulation 
         authorities,                Committee and its members may not be delegated.
         prohibition.