94 STAT. 188         PUBLIC LAW 96-221—MAR. 31, 1980

the Currency may designate the part so affected and may proclaim a legal holiday for the national banking associations located in that affected part. In the event that a State or a State official authorized by law designates any day as a legal holiday for either emergency or ceremonial reasons for all banks chartered by that State to do business within that State, that same day shall be a legal holiday for all national banking associations chartered to do business within that State unless the Comptroller of the Currency shall by written order permit all national banking associations located in that State to remain open.
“(2) For the purpose of this subsection, the term ‘State’ means any of the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, the Virgin Islands, American Samoa, the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands, or any other territory or possession of the United States.”.
PROCEDURE FOR CONVERSION, MERGER, OR CONSOLIDATION
  Sec. 706. The second sentence of subsection (b) of section 2 of the Act of August 17, 1950 (64 Stat. 456; 12 U.S.C. 214a(b)), is amended by striking out “unanimous” and inserting in lieu thereof “majority”.
DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY
  Sec. 707. (a) Chapter 9 of title VII of the Revised Statutes (12 U.S.C. § 1 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 327 the following new section:
“Sec. 327A. The Comptroller of the Currency may delegate to any duly authorized employee, representative, or agent any power vested in the office by law.”.
  (b) The table of contents contained at the beginning of chapter 9 of title VII of the Revised Statutes is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 327 the following new item:
“327A. Delegation of authority.”.
AUTHORITY TO PRESCRIBE REGULATIONS
  Sec. 708. Chapter 4 of title LXII of the Revised Statutes (12 U.S.C. 21 et seq.) is amended by inserting immediately following section 5239 a new section 5239A to read as follows:
“Sec. 5239A. Except to the extent that authority to issue such rules and regulations has been expressly and exclusively granted to another regulatory agency, the Comptroller of the Currency is authorized to prescribe rules and regulations to carry out the responsibilities of the office, except that the authority conferred by this section does not apply to section 5155 of the Revised Statutes or to securities activities of National Banks under the Act commonly known as the ‘Glass-Steagall Act’.”.
EXAMINATION OF NATIONAL BANKING ASSOCIATIONS
  Sec. 709. (a) Section 85240 of the Revised Statutes (12 U.S.C. 481) is amended by striking out the first two sentences and inserting in lieu thereof the following: “The Comptroller of the Currency, with the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury, shall appoint examiners who shall examine every national bank as often as the Comptroller of the Currency shall deem necessary.”.
  (b) Section 5240 of the Revised Statutes (12 U.S.C. 481) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new sentence: “The