a director in lieu of the president to be chairman of the board,
who shall perform such duties as may be designated by the board."

Sec. 7. That section 5155 of the Revised Statutes of the United
States be amended to read as follows:

" Sec. 5155. The conditions upon which a national banking asso-
ciation may retain or establish and operate a branch or branches are
the following:

" (a) A national banking association may retain and operate
such branch or branches as it may have in lawful operation at the
date of the approval of this Act, and any national banking associa-
tion which has continuously maintained and operated not more than
one branch for a period of more than twenty-five years immediately
preceding the approval of this Act may continue to maintain and
operate such branch.

" (b) If a State bank is hereafter converted into or consolidated
with a national banking association, or if two or more national bank-
ing associations are consolidated, such converted or consolidated
association may, with respect to any of such banks, retain and oper-
ate any of their branches which may have been in lawful operation
by any bank at the date of the approval of the Act.

"(c) A national banking association may, after the date of the
approval of this Act, establish and operate new branches within the
limits of the city, town, or village in which said association is situated
if such establishment and operation are at the time permitted to
State banks by the law of the State in question.

"(d) No branch shall be established after the date of the approval
of this Act within the limits of any city, town, or village of which
the population by the last decennial census was less than twenty-five
thousand. No more than one such branch may be thus established
where the'population, so determined, of such municipal unit does not
exceed fifty thousand ; and not more than two such branches where
the population does not exceed one hundred thousand. In any such
municipal unit where the population exceeds one hundred thousand
the determination of the number of branches shall be within the
discretion of the Comptroller of the Currency.

" (e) No branch of any national banking association shall be
established or moved from one location to another without first
obtaining the consent and approval of the Comptroller of the
Currency.

" (f) The term 'branch' as used in this section shall be held to
include any branch bank, branch office, branch agency, additional
office, or any branch place of business located in any State or Ter-
ritory of the United States or in the District of Columbia at which
deposits are received, or checks paid, or money lent.

" (g) This section shall not be construed to amend or repeal sec-
tion 25 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, authorizing the
establishment by national banking associations of branches in for-
eign countries, or dependencies, or insular possessions of the United
States.

" (h) The words 'State bank,' 'State banks,' 'bank,' or 'banks,'
as used in this section, shall be held to include trust companies,
savings banks, or other such corporations or institutions carrying
on the banking business under the authority of State laws."