10

bank, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and shall, upon conviction thereof in any district court of the United States, be imprisoned for not exceeding one year, or fined not more than $5,000, of both, and may be fined a further sum equal to the money so loaned, gratuity given, or property stolen, and shall forever thereafter be disqualified from holding office as a national bank examiner."
SEC. 16. That section 24 of the Federal Reserve Act be amended to read as follows:
"SEC. 24. Any national banking association may make loans secured by first lien upon improved real estate, including improved farm land, situated within its Federal reserve district or within a radius of one hundred miles of the place in which such bank is located, irrespective of district lines. A loan secured by real estate within the meaning of this section shall be in the form of an obligation or obligations secured by mortgage, trust deed, or other such instrument upon real estate when the entire amount of such obligation or obligations is made or is sold to such association. The amount of any such loan shall not exceed 50 per centum of the actual value of the real estate offered for security, but no such loan upon such security shall be made for a longer term than five years. Any such bank may make such loans in an aggregate sum including in such aggregate any such loans on which it is liable as indorser or guarantor or otherwise equal to 25 per centum of the amount of the capital stock of such association actually paid in and unimpaired and 25 per centum of its unimpaired surplus fund, or to one-half of its savings deposits, at the election of the association, subject to the general limitation contained in section 5200 of the Revised Statutes of the United States. Such banks may continue hereafter as heretofore to receive time and savings deposits and to pay interest on the same, but the rate of interest which such banks may pay upon such time deposits or upon savings or other deposits shall not exceed the maximum rate authorized by law to be paid upon such deposits by State banks or trust companies organized under the laws of the State wherein such national banking association is located."
SEC. 16. That section 5139 of the Revised Statutes of the United States be amended by inserting in the first sentence thereof the following words: "or into shares of such less amount as may be provided in the articles of association" so that the section as amended shall read as follows:
"SEC. 5139. The capital stock of each association shall be divided into shares of $100 each, or into shares of such less amount as may be provided in the articles of association, and be deemed personal property, and transferable on the books of the association in such manner as may be prescribed in the by-laws or articles of association. Every person becoming a shareholder by such transfer shall, in proportion to his shares, succeed to all rights and liabilities of the prior holder of such shares; and no change shall be made in the articles of association by which the rights, remedies, or security of the existing creditors of the association shall be impaired."
SEC. 17. That section 5146 of the Revised Statutes of the United States as amended be amended by inserting in lieu of the second