sentence thereof the following: "Every director must own in his
own right shares of the capital stock of the association of which he
is a director the aggregate par value of which shall not be less than
$1,000, unless the capital of the bank shall not exceed $25,000 in
which case he must own in his own right shares of such capital
stock the aggregate value of which shall not be less than $500," so
that the section as amended shall read as follows:
"SEC. 5146. Every director must during his whole term of serv-
ice, be a citizen of the United States, and at least three-fourths of
the directors must have resided in the State, Territory, or District
in which the association is located, or within fifty miles of the loca-
tion of the office of the association, for at least one year immediately
preceding their election, and must be residents of such State or
within a fifty-mile territory of the location of the association during
their continuance in office. Every director must own in his own
right shares of the capital stock of the association of which he is a
director the aggregate par value of which shall not be less than
$1,000, unless the capital of the bank shall not exceed $25,000, in
which case he must own in his own right shares of such capital stock
the aggregate par value of which shall not be less than $500. Any
director who ceases to be the owner of the required number of shares
of the stock, or who becomes in any other manner disqualified, shall
thereby vacate his place."
SEC. 18. That the second subdivision of the fourth paragraph of
section 4 of the Federal Reserve Act be amended to read as follows:
"Second. To have succession after the approval of this Act until
dissolved by Act of Congress or until forfeiture of franchise for
violation of law."
SEC. 19. That section 3 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended,
is further amended by adding at the end thereof the following:
"The Federal Reserve Board may at any time require any Federal
Reserve Bank to discontinue any branch of such Federal Reserve
Bank established under this section. The Federal Reserve Bank
shall thereupon proceed to wind up the business of such branch bank,
subject to such rules and regulations as the Federal Reserve Board
may prescribe."
Approved, February 25, 1927.