Sec. 3. That section 5137 of the Revised Statutes of the United 
States, subsection “First” thereof, be amended to read as follows: 
“First. Such as shall be necessary for its accommodation in the
transaction of its business.”
Sec. 4. That section 5188 of the Revised Statutes of the United
States, as amended, be amended to read as follows:
“Sec. 5188. No national banking association shall be organized
with a less capital than $100,000, except that such associations with
a capital of not less than $50,000 may, with the approval of the
Secretary of the Treasury, be organized in any place the popula-
tion of which does not exceed six thousand inliabitants, and except
that such associations wirh a capital of, not less than $25,000 may,
with the sanction of the Secretary of the Treasury, be organized in
any place the population of which does not exceed three thousand
inhabitants. No such association shall be organized in a city the
population of which exceeds fifty thousand persons; with a capital
of Jess than $200,000, except that in the outlying districts of such a
city where the State laws permit the organization of State banks
with a capital of $100,000 or less, national banking associations now
organized or hereafter organized may, with the approval of the
Comptroller of the Currency, have a capital of not less than
$100,000.”
Sec. 5. That section 5142 of the Revised Statutes of the United
States, as amended, be amended to read as follows:
“Sec. 5142. Any national banking association may, with the
approval of the Comptroller of the Currency, and by a vote of
shareholders owning two-thirds of the stock of such associations,
increase its capital stock to any sum approved by the said comp-
troller, but no increase in capital shall be valid until the whole 
amount of such increase is paid in and notice thereof, duly acknol-
edged before a notary public by the president, vice president, or
cashier of said association, has been transmitted to the Comptroller
of the Currency and his certificate obtained specifying the amount
of such increase in capital stock and his approval thereof, and
that it has been duly paid in as part of the capital of such association:
Provided, however, That a national banking association may, with
the approval of the Comptroller of the Currency, and by the vote
of shareholders owning two-thirds of the stock of such association,
increase its capital stock by the declaration of a stock dividend,
provided that the surplus of said association, after the approval of
the increase, shall be at least equal to 20 per centum of the capital
stock as increased. Such increase shall’ not be effective until a
certificate certifying to such declaration of dividend, signed by the
president, vice president, or cashier of said association and duly
acknowledged before a notary public, shall have been forwarded 
to the Comptroller of the Currency and his certificate obtained speci-
fying the amount of such increase of capital stock by stock dividend,
and his approval thereof.”
Sec. 6. That section 5150 of the Revised Statutes of the United
States be amended to read as follows:
“Sec. 5150. The president of the bank shall be a member of the
board and shall be the chairman thereof, but the board may designate