Sec. 8. That section 5190 of the Revised Statutes of the United States be amended to read as follows:
"Sec. 5190. The general business of each national banking association shall be transacted in the place specifed in its organization certificate and in the branch or branches, if any, established or maintained by it in accordance with the provisions of section 5155 of the Revised Statutes, as amended by this Act."
Sec. 9. That the first paragraph of section 9 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, be amended so as to read as follows:
"Sec. 9. Any bank incorporated by special law of any State, or organized under the general laws of any State or of the United States, desiring to become a member of the Federal reserve system, may make application to the Federal Reserve Board, under such rules and regulations as it may prescribe, for the right to subscribe to the stock of the Federal reserve bank organized within the district in which the applying bank is located. Such application shall be for the same amount of stock that the applying bank would be required to subscribe to as a national bank. The Federal Reserve Board, subject to the provisions of this Act and to such conditions as it may prescribe pursuant thereto may permit the applying bank to become a stockholder of such Federal reserve bank.
"Any such State bank which, at the date of the approval of this Act, has established and is operating a branch or branches in conformity with the State law, may retain and operate the same while remaining or upon becoming a stockholder of such Federal reserve bank; but no such State bank may retain or acquire stock in a Federal reserve bank except upon relinquishment of any branch or branches established after the date of the approval of this Act beyond the limits of the city, town, or village in which the parent bank is situated."
Sec. 10. That section 5200 of the Revised Statutes of the United States, as amended, be amended to read as follows:
"Sec. 5200. The total obligations to any national banking association of any person, copartnership, association, or corporation shall at no time exceed 10 per centum of the amount of the capital stock of such association actually paid in and unimpaired and 10 per centum of its unimpaired surplus fund. The term 'obligations' shall mean the direct liability of the maker or acceptor of paper discounted with or sold to such association and the liability of the indorser, drawer, or guarantor who obtains a loan from or discounts paper with or sells paper under his guaranty to such association and shall include in the case of obligations of a copartnership or association the obligations of the several members thereof. Such limitation of 10 per centum shall be subject to the following exceptions:
"(1) Obligations in the form of drafts or bills of exchange drawn in good faith against actually existing values shall not be subject under this section to any limitation based upon such capital and surplus.
"(2) Obligations arising out of the discount of commercial or business paper actually owned by the person, copartnership, association, or corporation negotiating the same shall not be subject under this section to any limitation based upon such capital and surplus.

Digitized for FRASER
http://fraser.stlouisfed.org/
Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis