"(7) Obligations of any person, copartnership, association, or corporation in the form of notes or drafts secured by shipping documents or instruments transferring or securing title covering livestock or giving a lien on livestock when the market value of the livestock securing the obligation is not at any time less than 115 per centum of the face amount of the notes covered by such documents shall be subject under this section to a limitation of 15 per centum of such capital and surplus in addition to such 10 per centum of such capital and surplus.
"(8) Obligations of any person, copartnership, association, or corporation in the form of notes secured by not less than a like amount of bonds or notes of the United States issued since April 24, 1917, or certificates of indebtedness of the United States, shall (except to the extent permitted by rules and regulations prescribed by the Comptroller of the Currency, with the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury) be subject under this section to a limitation of 15 per centum of such capital and surplus in addition to such 10 per centum of such capital and surplus."
Sec. 11. That section 5202 of the Revised Statutes of the United States as amended be amended by adding at the end thereof a new paragraph to read as follows:
"Eighth. Liabilities incurred under the provisions of section 202 of Title II of the Federal Farm Loan Act, approved July 17, 1916, as amended by the Agricultural Credits Act of 1923."
Sec. 12. That section 5208 of the Revised Statutes of the United States as amended be amended by striking out the words "or who shall certify a check before the amount thereof shall have been regularly entered to the credit of the drawer upon the books of the bank," and in lieu thereof inserting the following: "or who shall certify a check before the amount thereof shall have been regularly deposited in the bank by the drawer thereof," so that the section as amended shall read as follows:
"Sec. 5208. It shall be unlawful for any officer, director, agent, or employee of any Federal reserve bank, or any member bank as defined in the Act of December 23, 1913, known as the Federal Reserve Act, to certify any check drawn upon such Federal reserve bank or member bank unless the person, firm, or corporation drawing the check has on deposit with such Federal reserve bank or member bank, at the time such check is certified, an amount of money not less than the amount specified in such check. Any check so certified by a duly authorized officer, director, agent, or employee shall be a good and valid obligation against such Federal reserve bank or member bank; but the act of any officer, director, agent, or employee of any such Federal reserve bank or member bank in violation of this section shall, in the discretion of the Federal Reserve Board, subject such Federal reserve bank to the penalties imposed by section 11, subsection (h) of the Federal Reserve Act, and shall subject such member bank, if a national bank, to the penalties and proceedings on the part of the Comptroller of the Currency provided for in section 5234, Revised Statutes, and shall, in the discretion of the Federal Reserve Board, subject any other member bank to the penalties imposed by section 9 of said Federal Reserve Act for the violation of any of the provi