vious of said Act. Any officer, director, agent, or employee of any
Federal reserve bank or member bank who shall willfully violate
the provisions of this section, or who shall resort to any device,
or receive any fictitious obligation, directly or collaterally, in order
to evade the provisions thereof, or who shall certify a check
before the amount thereof shall have been regularly deposited in the
bank by the drawer thereof, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor
and shall, on conviction thereof in any district court of the United
States, be fined not more than $5,000, or shall be imprisoned for not
more than five years, or both, in the discretion of the court.”
    Sec. 18. That section 5211 of the Revised Statutes of the United
States as amended be amended to read as follows:
    “Sec. 5211. Every association shall make to the Comptroller of
the Currency not less than three reports during each year, according
to the form which may be prescribed by him, verified by the oath or
affirmation of the president, or of the cashier, or of a vice president,
or of an assistant cashier of the association designated by its board
of directors to verify such reports in the absence of the president
and cashier, taken before a notary public properly authorized and
commissioned by the State in which such notary resides and the
association is located, or any other officer having an official seal,
authorized in such State to administer oaths, and attested by the
signature of at least three of the directors. Each such report shall
exhibit, in detail and under appropriate heads, the resources and
liabilities of the association at the close of business on any past day
by him specified, and shall be transmitted to the comptroller within
five days after the receipt of a request or requisition therefor from
him; and the statement of resources and liabilities, together with
acknowledgement and attestation in the same form in which it is
made to the comptroller, shall be published in a newspaper published
in the place where such association is established, or if there is no
newspaper in the place, then in the one published nearest thereto in
the same county, at the expense of the association; and such proof
of publication shall be furnished as may be required by the comp
troller. The comptroller shall also have power to call for special
reports from any particular association whenever in his judgment
the same are necessary in order to obtain a full and complete
knowledge of its condition.”

    Sec. 15. That section 22 of the Federal Reserve Act, subsection
(a), paragraph 2 thereof, be amended to read as follows:
    “(a) No member bank and no officer, director, or employee thereof
shall hereafter make any loan or grant any gratuity to any bank
examiner. Any bank officer, director, or employee violating this
provision shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be
imprisoned not exceeding one year, or fined not more than $5,000,
or both, and may be fined a further sum equal to the money so
loaned or gratuity given.
    “Any examiner or assistant examiner who shall accept a loan or
gratuity from any bank examined by him, or from an officer,
or director, or employee thereof, or who shall steal, or unlawfully take,
or unlawfully conceal any money, note, draft, bond, or security or
any other property of value in the possession of any member bank or
from any safe deposit box in or adjacent to the premises of such