PUBLIC LAW 109–351—OCT. 13, 2006

120 STAT. 1991

company and any organization organized and operated under section 25A of the Federal Reserve Act or operating under section 25 of the Federal Reserve Act, as if such bank holding company or organization were an insured depository institution, except that such subsections shall be applied for purposes of this subsection by substituting ‘Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System’ for ‘Corporation’ each place that term appears in such subsections.

‘‘(2) AUTHORITY OF BOARD.—The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System may provide exemptions, by regulation or order, from the application of paragraph (1) if the exemption is consistent with the purposes of this subsection.
‘‘(e) SAVINGS AND LOAN HOLDING COMPANIES.—
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Subsections (a) and (b) shall apply to any savings and loan holding company as if such savings and loan holding company were an insured depository institution, except that such subsections shall be applied for purposes of this subsection by substituting ‘Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision’ for ‘Corporation’ each place that term appears in such subsections.
Applicability.

‘‘(2) AUTHORITY OF DIRECTOR.—The Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision may provide exemptions, by regulation or order, from the application of paragraph (1) if the exemption
is consistent with the purposes of this subsection.’’.
(b) ENHANCED DISCRETION TO REMOVE CONVICTED INDIVIDUALS.—Section 8(e)(2)(A) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12
U.S.C. 1818(e)(2)(A)) is amended—
(1) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (ii);
(2) by striking the comma at the end of clause (iii) and
inserting ‘‘; or’’; and
‘‘(iv) an institution-affiliated party of a subsidiary‘’’(3) by adding at the end the following new clause:
(other than a bank) of a bank holding company of a subsidiary (other than a savings association) of a savings and loan holding company has been convicted of any criminal offense involving dishonesty or a breach of trust or a terminal offense under section 1956, 1957, or 1960 of title 18, United States Code, or has agreed to enter into a pretrial diversion or similar program in connection with a prosecution for such an offense,’’.
SEC. 711. COORDINATION OF STATE EXAMINATION AUTHORITY.
Section 10(h) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C.1820(h)) is amended to read as follows:
‘‘(h) COORDINATION OF EXAMINATION AUTHORITY.—
‘‘(1) STATE BANK SUPERVISORS OF HOME AND HOST STATES.—
‘‘(A) HOME STATE OF BANK.—The appropriate State bank supervisor of the home State of an insured State bank has authority to examine and supervise the bank.
‘‘(B) HOST STATE BRANCHES.—The State bank supervisor of the home State of an insured State bank and any State bank supervisor of an appropriate host State shall exercise its respective authority to supervise and examine the branches of the bank in a host State in accordance with the terms of any applicable cooperative agreement between the home State bank supervisor and the State bank supervisor of the relevant host State.

120 STAT. 1992

PUBLIC LAW 109–351—OCT. 13, 2006

‘‘(C) SUPERVISORY FEES.—Except as expressly provided in a cooperative agreement between the State bank supervisors of the home State and any host State of an insured State bank, only the State bank supervisor of the home State of an insured State bank may levy or charge State supervisory fees on the bank.
‘‘(2) HOST STATE EXAMINATION.—
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—With respect to a branch operated in a host State by an out-of-State insured State bank that resulted from an interstate merger transaction approved under section 44, or that was established in such State pursuant to section 5155(g) of the Revised Statutes of the United States, the third undesignated paragraph of section 9 of the Federal Reserve Act or section 1828(d)(4) of this Act, the appropriate State bank supervisor of such host State may—
‘‘(i) with written notice to the State bank supervisor of the bank’s home State and subject to the terms of any applicable cooperative agreement with the State bank supervisor of such home State, examine such branch for the purpose of determining compliance with host State laws that are applicable pursuant to section 24(j), including those that govern community reinvestment, fair lending, and consumer protection; and
‘‘(ii) if expressly permitted under and subject to the terms of a cooperative agreement with the State bank supervisor of the bank’s home State or if such bank has been determined to be in a troubled condition by either the State bank supervisor of the bank’s home State or the bank’s appropriate Federal banking agency, participate in the examination of the bank by the State bank supervisor of the bank’s home State to ascertain that the activities of the branch in such host State are not conducted in an unsafe or unsound manner.                                                                 ‘‘(B) NOTICE OF DETERMINATION.—
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—The State bank supervisor of the home State of an insured State bank shall notify the State bank supervisor of each host State of the bank if there has been a final determination that the bank is in a troubled condition.
 Deadline. ‘‘(ii) TIMING OF NOTICE.—The State bank supervisor
of the home State of an insured State bank shall provide notice under clause (i) as soon as is reasonably possible, but in all cases not later than 15 business days after the date on which the State bank supervisor has made such final determination or has received written notification of such final determination.
‘‘(3) HOST STATE ENFORCEMENT.—If the State bank supervisor of a host State determines that a branch of an outof-State insured State bank is violating any law of the host State that is applicable to such branch pursuant to section 24(j), including a law that governs community reinvestment, fair lending, or consumer protection, the State bank supervisor of the host State or, to the extent authorized by the law of the host State, a host State law enforcement officer may, with

120 STAT. 1993

PUBLIC LAW 109–351—OCT. 13, 2006

written notice to the State bank supervisor of the bank’s home State and subject to the terms of any applicable cooperative agreement with the State bank supervisor of the bank’s home State, undertake such enforcement actions and proceedings as would be permitted under the law of the host State as if the branch were a bank chartered by that host State.
‘‘(4) COOPERATIVE AGREEMENT.—
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The State bank supervisors from 2 or more States may enter into cooperative agreements to facilitate State regulatory supervision of State banks, including cooperative agreements relating to the coordination of examinations and joint participation in examinations.
‘‘(B) DEFINITION.—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘cooperative agreement’ means a written agreement that is signed by the home State bank supervisor and the host State bank supervisor to facilitate State regulatory supervision of State banks, and includes nationwide or multi-State cooperative agreements and cooperative agreements solely between the home State and host State.
‘‘(C) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Except for State bank supervisors, no provision of this subsection relating to such cooperative agreements shall be construed as limiting in any way the authority of home State and host State law enforcement officers, regulatory supervisors, or other officials to enforce host State laws that are applicable to a branch of an out-of-State insured State bank located in the host State pursuant to section 24(j).
‘‘(5) FEDERAL REGULATORY AUTHORITY.—No provision of this subsection shall be construed as limiting in any way the authority of any Federal banking agency.
‘‘(6) STATE TAXATION AUTHORITY NOT AFFECTED.—No provision of this subsection shall be construed as affecting the authority of any State or political subdivision of any State to adopt, apply, or administer any tax or method of taxation to any bank, bank holding company, or foreign bank, or any affiliate of any bank, bank holding company, or foreign bank, to the extent that such tax or tax method is otherwise permissible by or under the Constitution of the United States or other Federal law.
‘‘(7) DEFINITIONS.—For purpose of this section, the following definitions shall apply:
‘‘(A) HOST STATE, HOME STATE, OUT-OF-STATE BANK.— The terms ‘host State’, ‘home State’, and ‘out-of-State bank’ have the same meanings as in section 44(g).
‘‘(B) STATE SUPERVISORY FEES.—The term ‘State supervisory fees’ means assessments, examination fees, branch fees, license fees, and all other fees that are levied or charged by a State bank supervisor directly upon an insured State bank or upon branches of an insured State bank.
‘‘(C) TROUBLED CONDITION.—Solely for purposes of paragraph (2)(B), an insured State bank has been determined to be in ‘troubled condition’ if the bank—

120 STAT. 1994

PUBLIC LAW 109–351—OCT. 13, 2006

‘‘(i) has a composite rating, as determined in its most recent report of examination, of 4 or 5 under the Uniform Financial Institutions Ratings System;
‘‘(ii) is subject to a proceeding initiated by the Corporation for termination or suspension of deposit insurance; or
‘‘(iii) is subject to a proceeding initiated by the State bank supervisor of the bank’s home State to vacate, revoke, or terminate the charter of the bank, or to liquidate the bank, or to appoint a receiver for the bank.
‘‘(D) FINAL DETERMINATION.—For purposes of paragraph (2)(B), the term ‘final determination’ means the transmittal of a report of examination to the bank or transmittal of official notice of proceedings to the bank.’’.
SEC. 712. DEPUTY DIRECTOR; SUCCESSION AUTHORITY FOR DIRECTOR 
OF THE OFFICE OF THRIFT SUPERVISION,
(a) ESTABLISHMENT OF POSITION OF DEPUTY DIRECTOR.—Section 3(c)(5) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1462a(c)(5)) is amended to read as follows:
‘‘(5) DEPUTY DIRECTOR.—
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of the Treasury shall appoint a Deputy Director, and may appoint not more than 3 additional Deputy Directors of the Office.
‘‘(B) FIRST DEPUTY DIRECTOR.—If the Secretary of the Treasury appoints more than 1 Deputy Director of the Office, the Secretary shall designate one such appointee as the First Deputy Director.
‘‘(C) DUTIES.—Each Deputy Director appointed under this paragraph shall take an oath of office and perform such duties as the Director shall direct.
‘‘(D) COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS.—The Director shall fix the compensation and benefits for each Deputy Director in accordance with this Act.’’.
(b) SERVICE OF DEPUTY DIRECTOR AS ACTING DIRECTOR.—Section 3(c)(3) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1462a(c)(3)) is amended—
(1) by striking ‘‘VACANCY.—A vacancy in the position of Director’’ and inserting ‘‘VACANCY.—
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—A vacancy in the position of Director’’; and
(2) by adding at the end the following:
‘‘(B) ACTING DIRECTOR.—
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—In the event of a vacancy in the position of Director or during the absence or disability of the Director, the Deputy Director shall serve as Acting Director.
‘‘(ii) SUCCESSION IN CASE OF 2 OR MORE DEPUTY DIRECTORS.—If there are 2 or more Deputy Directors serving at the time a vacancy in the position of Director occurs or the absence or disability of the Director commences, the First Deputy Director shall serve as Acting Director under clause (i) followed by such other Deputy Directors under any order of succession the Director may establish.