1514               PUBLIC LAW 93-495-OCT. 28, 1974                          [88 STAT.

to report to any person adversely on the obligor's credit rating or
credit standing because of the obligor's failure to pay the amount
indicated by the obligor under section 161(a) (2), and such amount
may not be reported as delinquent to any third party until the creditor
has met the requirements of section 161 and has allowed the obligor
the same number of days (not less than ten) thereafter to make
payment as is provided under the credit agreement with the obligor
for the payment of undisputed amounts.
    "(b) Han creditor receives a further written notice from an obligor
that an amount is still in dispute within the time allowed for payment
under subsection (a) of this section, a creditor may not report to any
third party that the amount of the obligor is delinquent because the
obligor has failed to pay an amount which he has indicated under
section 161(a) (2), unless the creditor also reports that the amount
is in dispute and, at the same time, notifies the obligor of the name
and address of each party to whom the creditor is reporting informa­
tion concerning the delinquency.
    "(c) A creditor shall report any subsequent resolution of any delin­
quencies reported pursuant to subsection (b) to the parties to whom
such delinquencies were initially reported.
              "§ 163. Length of billing period
   " (a) If an open end consumer credit plan provides a time period
within which an obligor may repay any portion of the credit extended
without incurring an additional finance charge, such additional
finance charge may not be imposed with respect to such portion of the
credit extended for the billing cycle of which such period is a part
unless a statement which includes the amount upon which the finance
charge for that period is based was mailed at least fourteen days
prior to the date specified in the statement by which payment must
be made in order to avoid imposition of that finance charge.
   "(b) Subsection (a) does not apply in any case where a creditor
has been prevented, delayed, or hindered in making timely mailing or
delivery of such periodic statement within the time period specified
in such subsection because of an act of God, war, natural disaster,
strike, or other excusable or justifiable cause, as determined under reg­
ulations of the Board.
              "§ 164. Prompt crediting of payments
   "Payments received from an obligor under an open end consumer
credit plan by the creditor shall be posted promptly to the obligor's
account as specified in regulations of the Board. Such regulations shall
prevent a finance charge from being imposed on any obligor if the
creditor has received the obligor's payment in readily identifiable form
in the amount, manner, location, and time indicated by the creditor
to avoid the imposition thereof.
              "§ 165. Crediting excess payments
   "Whenever an obligor transmits funds to a creditor in excess of the
total balance due on an open end consumer credit account, the creditor
shall promptly (1) upon request of the obligor refund the amount of
the overpayment, or (2) credit such amount to the obligor's account.
              "§ 166. Prompt notification of returns

   "With respect to any sales transaction where a credit card has been
used to obtain credit, where the seller is a person other than the card
issuer, and where the seller accepts or allows a return of the goods
or forgiveness of a debit for services which were the subject of such
sale, the seller shall promptly transmit to the credit card issuer, a
credit statement with respect thereto and the credit card issuer shall
credit the account of the obligor for the amount of the transaction.