88 STAT. ]

PUBLIC LAW 93-495- OCT. 28, 1974 

"§167. Use of cash discounts
  "(a) With respect to credit card which may be used for exr-en ions of credit in sales transactions in which the seller is a person other than 
the card issuer, the card issuer may not, by contract or otherwise, prohibit any such seller from offering a discount to a cardholder to induce the cardholder to pay by cash, check, or similar means rather than use a credit card.
  "(b) With respect to any sales transaction, any discount not in excess of 5 per centum offered by the seller for the purpose of inducing payment by cash, check, or other means not involving the use of a credit card shall not constitute a finance charge as determined under section 106, if such discount is offered to all prospective buyers and its availability is disclosed to all prospective buyers clearly and conspicuously in accordance with regulations of the Board.
15 USC 1666f.
"§ 168. Prohibition of tie-in services
"Notwithstanding any agreement to the contrary, a card issuer may not require a seller, as a condition to participating in a credit card plan, to open an account with or procure any other service from the card issuer or its subsidiary or agent.
15 USC 1666g.
"§ 169. Prohibition of offsets
  "(a) A card issuer may not take any action to offset a cardholder's indebtedness arising in connection with a consumer credit transaction under the relevant credit card plan against funds of the cardholder held on deposit with the card issuer unless—
  "(1) such action was previously authorized in writing by the cardholder in accordance with a credit plan whereby the cardholder agrees periodically to pay debts incurred in his open end credit account by permitting the card issuer periodically to deduct all or a portion of such debt from the cardholder's deposit account, and
  "(2) such action with respect to any outstanding disputed amount not be taken by the card issuer upon request of the cardholder.
In the case of any credit card account in existence on the effective date of this section, the previous written authorization referred to in clause (1) shall not be required until the date (after such effective date) when such account is renewed, but in no case later than one year after such effective date. Such written authorization shall be deemed to exist if the card issuer has previously notified the cardholder that the use of his credit card account will subject any funds which the card issuer holds in deposit accounts of such cardholder to offset against any amounts due and payable on his credit card account which have not been paid in accordance with the terms of the agreement between the card issuer and the cardholder.
  "(b) This section does not alter or affect the right under State law of a card issuer to attach or otherwise levy upon funds of a cardholder held on deposit with the card issuer if that remedy is constitutionally available to creditors generally.
15 USC 1666h.
"§ 170. Rights of credit card customers
  "(a) Subject to the limitation contained in subsection (b), a card issuer who has issued a credit card to a cardholder pursuant to an 
open end consumer credit plan shall be subject to all claims (other than tort claims) and defenses arising out of any transaction in which 
the credit card is used as a method of payment or extension of credit 
if (1) the obligor has made a good faith attempt to obtain satisfactory 
resolution of a disagreement or problem relative to the transaction from the person honoring the credit card; (2) the amount of the initial
15 USC 1666i.