100 STAT. 3207-31    PUBLIC LAW 99-570—0CT. 27, 1986

(1) by redesignating paragraphs (15) and (16) as paragraphs 
(16) and (17), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (14) the following new 
paragraph: 
(15) INVESTIGATIVE AND ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITY.— 
(A) INVESTIGATIONS.—The appropriate Federal banking 
agency may exercise any authority vested in such agency under 
section 8(n) in the course of conducting any investigation under 
paragraph (2)(B) or any other investigation which the agency, in 
its discretion, determines is necessary to determine whether 
any person has filed inaccurate, incomplete, or  misleading 
information under this subsection or otherwise is violating, has 
violated, or is about to violate any provision of this subsection or 
any regulation prescribed under this subsection.
(B) ENFORCEMENT—Whenever it appears to the appropriate 
Federal banking agency that any person is violating, has vio. 
lated, or is about to violate any provision of this subsection or 
any regulation prescribed under this subsection, the agency 
may, in its discretion, apply to the appropriate district court of 
the United States or the United States court of any territory 
for.
(i) a temporary or permanent injunction or restraining 
order enjoining such person from violating this subsection 
or any regulation prescribed under this subsection; or 
(ii) such other equitable relief as may be necessary to 
prevent any such violation (including divestiture). 
(C) JURISDICTION.— 
(i)  The district courts of the United States and the 
United States courts in any territory shall have the same 
jurisdiction and power in connection with any exercise of 
any authority by the appropriate Federal banking agency 
under subparagraph (A) as such courts have under section 
8(n). 
(ii) The district courts of the United States and the 
United States courts of any territory shall have jurisdiction 
and power to issue any injunction or restraining order or 
grant any equitable relief described in subparagraph (B). 
When appropriate, any injunction, order, or other equitable 
relief granted under this paragraph shall be granted with- 
out requiring the posting of any bond”. 

SEC. 1361. CHANGE IN SAVINGS AND LOAN CONTROL ACT AMENDMENTS.

(a) ADDITIONAL REVIEW TIME— 
(1) INITIAL EXTENSION AT DISCRETION OF AGENCY—The first 
sentence of section 407(q)(1) of the National Housing Act (12 
U.S.C. 1730(q)(1)) is amended by striking out “for extending up to 
another thirty days” and inserting in lieu thereof “or, in the 
discretion of the Corporation, extending for an additional 30 
days”.
(2) ADDITIONAL EXTENSIONS IN CASE OF INCOMPLETE OR INAC- 
CURATE NOTICE OR TO CONTINUE INVESTIGATION—The second 
sentence of section 407(q)(1) of the National Housing Act (12 
U.S.C. 1730(q)(1)) is amended to read as follows: “The period for 
disapproval under the preceding sentence may be extended not 
to exceed 2 additional times for not more than 45 days each time 
if—