PUBLIC LAW 99-570—OCT. 27, 1986                  100 STAT. 3207-30

not to exceed 2 additional times for not more than 45 days each 
time if—
  "(A) the agency determines that any acquiring party has not 
furnished all the information required under paragraph (6);
  "(B) in the agency's judgment, any material information 
submitted is substantially inaccurate;
  "(C) the agency has been unable to complete the investigation 
of an acquiring party under paragraph (2)(B) because of any 
delay caused by, or the inadequate cooperation of, such acquir-
ing party; or 
  "(D) the agency determines that additional time is needed to 
investigate and determine that no acquiring party has a record 
of failing to comply with the requirements of subchapter II of 
chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code.''  
    (b) DUTY TO INVESTIGATE APPLICANTS FOR CHANGE IN CONTROL AP-
    PROVAL.—Section 7(j)(2) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 
    U.S.C. 1817(j)(2)) is amended—
        (1) by striking out "(2)" and inserting in lieu thereof "(2)(A) 
        NOTICE TO STATE AGENCY.—"; and 
        (2) by adding at the end thereof the following new subpara-
        graphs: 
   "(B) INVESTIGATION OF PRINCIPALS REQUIRED.—Upon receiving any 
   notice under this subsection, the appropriate Federal banking 
   agency shall—
        "(i) conduct an investigation of the competence, experience, 
        integrity, and financial ability of each person named in a notice 
        of a proposed acquisition as a person by whom or for whom such 
        acquisition is to be made; and 
        "(ii) make an independent determination of the accuracy and 
        completeness of any information described in paragraph (6) 
        with respect to such person.
        "(C) REPORT.—The appropriate Federal banking agency shall pre-
        pare a written report of any investigation under subparagraph (B) 
        which shall contain, at a minimum, a summary of the results of 
        such investigation. The agency shall retain such written report as a 
        record of the agency.''
    (c) PUBLIC COMMENT ON CHANGE OF CONTROL NOTICES.—Section 
    7(j)(2) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1817(j)(2)) is 
    amended by adding after subparagraph (C) (as added by subsection 
    (b) of this section) the following new subparagraph:
        "(D) PUBLIC COMMENT.—Upon receiving notice of a proposed ac-
        quisition, the appropriate Federal banking agency shall, within a 
        reasonable period of time—
            "(i) publish the name of the insured bank proposed to be 
            acquired and the name of each person identified in such notice 
            as a person by whom or for whom such acquisition is to be 
            made; and
            "(ii) solicit public comment on such proposed acquisition, 
            particularly from persons in the geographic area where the 
            bank proposed to be acquired is located, before final consider-
            ation of such notice by the agency, 
    unless the agency determines in writing that such disclosure or 
    solicitation would seriously threaten the safety or soundness of such 
    bank.'' 
    (d) INVESTIGATIONS AND ENFORCEMENT.—Section 7(j) of the Federal 
    Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1817(j)) is amended—