PUBLIC LAW 108–159—DEC. 4, 2003                                                                                       117 STAT. 2007

                 

                  (E) information concerning the content and public use of—
                           (i) the website established under subsection (b);
                           and
                           (ii) the toll-free telephone number established under subsection (c);
                  (F) a brief survey of the financial literacy and education
materials developed under subsection (d), and data regarding the dissemination and impact of such materials, as measured by improved financial decisionmaking;
                  (G) a brief summary of any hearings conducted by
the Commission, including a list of witnesses who testified at such hearings;
                  (H) information about the activities of the Commission
planned for the next fiscal year;
                  (I) a summary of all Federal financial literacy and education activities targeted to communities that have historically lacked access to financial literacy materials and education, and have been underserved by the mainstream financial systems; and
                  (J) such other materials relating to the duties of the
Commission as the Commission deems appropriate.

                 (3) INITIAL REPORT.—The initial report under paragraph
(1) shall include information regarding all Federal programs, materials, and grants which seek to improve financial literacy, and assess the effectiveness of such programs.
                 (h) TESTIMONY.—The Commission shall annually provide testimony by the Chairperson to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives.

 

SEC. 515. POWERS OF THE COMMISSION.

                 (a) HEARINGS.—
                           (1) IN GENERAL.—The Commission shall hold such hearings,
sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Commission deems appropriate to carry out this title.
                           (2) PARTICIPATION.—In hearings held under this subsection,
the Commission shall consider inviting witnesses from, among other groups—
                                     (A) other Federal Government officials;
                                     (B) State and local government officials;
                                     (C) consumer and community groups;
                                     (D) nonprofit financial literacy and education groups
                           (such as those involved in personal finance and economic
education); and
                                     (E) the financial services industry.
                 (b) INFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES.—The Commission
may secure directly from any Federal department or agency such information as the Commission considers necessary to carry out this title. Upon request of the Chairperson, the head of such department or agency shall furnish such information to the Commission.
                 (c) PERIODIC STUDIES.—The Commission may conduct periodic
studies regarding the state of financial literacy and education in the United States, as the Commission determines appropriate.
                 (d) MULTILINGUAL.—The Commission may take any action to
develop and promote financial literacy and education materials


                                                                                                              20 USC 9704.




117 STAT. 2008                                                                                                                                     PUBLIC LAW 108–159—DEC. 4, 2003



in languages other than English, as the Commission deems appropriate, including for the website established under section 514(b), and the materials developed and disseminated under section 514(d).

SEC. 516. COMMISSION PERSONNEL MATTERS.


(a) COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS.—Each member of the Commission shall serve without compensation in addition to that received for their service as an officer or employee of the United States.

(b) TRAVEL EXPENSES.—The members of the Commission shall 
be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates authorized for employees of agencies under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of services for the Commission.

(c) ASSISTANCE.—
                           (1) IN GENERAL.—The Director of the Office of Financial Education of the Department of the Treasury shall provide assistance to the Commission, upon request of the Commission, without reimbursement.
                           (2) DETAIL OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES.—Any Federal 
Government employee may be detailed to the Commission without reimbursement, and such detail shall be without interruption or loss of civil service status or privilege.


SEC. 517. STUDIES BY THE COMPTROLLER GENERAL.

                (a) EFFECTIVENESS STUDY.—Not later than 3 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to Congress assessing the effectiveness of the Commission in promoting financial literacy and education.
                (b) STUDY AND REPORT ON THE NEED AND MEANS FOR 
                               IMPROVING FINANCIAL LITERACY AMONG CONSUMERS.—
                           (1) STUDY REQUIRED.—The Comptroller General of the 
United States shall conduct a study to assess the extent of consumers’ knowledge and awareness of credit reports, credit scores, and the dispute resolution process, and on methods for improving financial literacy among consumers.
                           (2) FACTORS TO BE INCLUDED.—The study required under
paragraph (1) shall include the following issues:
                                     (A) The number of consumers who view their credit
reports.
                                     (B) Under what conditions and for what purposes do 
consumers primarily obtain a copy of their consumer report 
(such as for the purpose of ensuring the completeness and 
accuracy of the contents, to protect against fraud, in 
response to an adverse action based on the report, or in 
response to suspected identity theft) and approximately 
what percentage of the total number of consumers who 
obtain a copy of their consumer report do so for each 
such primary purpose.
                                     (C) The extent of consumers’ knowledge of the data
collection process.
                                     (D) The extent to which consumers know how to get 
a copy of a consumer report.
                                      (E) The extent to which consumers know and under- 
stand the factors that positively or negatively impact credit 
scores.



                                                                                                                                               Deadline.
20 USC 9705.



117 STAT. 2009                                                                                                    PUBLIC LAW 108–159—DEC. 4, 2003



                               (3) REPORT REQUIRED.—Before the end of the 12-month
period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the 
Comptroller General shall submit a report to Congress on the findings and conclusions of the Comptroller General pursuant to the study conducted under this subsection, together with such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Comptroller General may determine to be appropriate, especially recommendations on methods for improving financial literacy among consumers.

SEC. 518. THE NATIONAL PUBLIC SERVICE MULTIMEDIA CAMPAIGN 
                          TO ENHANCE THE STATE OF FINANCIAL LITERACY.

                (a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of the Treasury (in this section 
referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’), after review of the recommendations of the Commission, as part of a national strategy, shall develop, implement, and conduct a pilot national public service multimedia campaign to enhance the state of financial literacy and education in the United States.

                (b) PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS.—
                               (1) PUBLIC SERVICE CAMPAIGN.—The Secretary, after review
of the recommendations of the Commission, shall select and
work with a nonprofit organization or organizations that are 
especially well-qualified in the distribution of public service campaigns, and have secured private sector funds to produce the pilot national public service multimedia campaign.
                               (2) DEVELOPMENT OF MULTIMEDIA CAMPAIGN.—The Sec- 
retary, after review of the recommendations of the Commission, shall develop, in consultation with nonprofit, public, or private organizations, especially those that are well qualified by virtue of their experience in the field of financial literacy and education, to develop the financial literacy national public service multimedia campaign.
                               (3) FOCUS OF CAMPAIGN.—The pilot national public service
multimedia campaign shall be consistent with the national
strategy, and shall promote the toll-free telephone number and the website developed under this title.
               (c) MULTILINGUAL.—The Secretary may develop the multimedia
campaign in languages other than English, as the Secretary deems appropriate.

               (d) PERFORMANCE MEASURES.—The Secretary shall develop
measures to evaluate the effectiveness of the pilot national public
service multimedia campaign, as measured by improved financial decision making among individuals.

               (e) REPORT.—For each fiscal year for which there are appropriations pursuant to the authorization in subsection (e), the Secretary shall submit a report to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, describing the status and implementation of the provisions of this section and the state of financial literacy and education in the United States.

               (f) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—There are authorized
to be appropriated to the Secretary, not to exceed $3,000,000 for
fiscal years 2004, 2005, and 2006, for the development, production, and distribution of a pilot national public service multimedia campaign under this section.






117 STAT. 2010                                                                                                                                                 PUBLIC LAW 108–159—DEC. 4, 2003

                                                                                                            20 USC 9707.

SEC. 519. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.

                 There are authorized to be appropriated to the Commission
such sums as may be necessary to carry out this title, including 
administrative expenses of the Commission.

                                                                      TITLE VI—PROTECTING EMPLOYEE
                                                                    MISCONDUCT INVESTIGATIONS


SEC. 611. CERTAIN EMPLOYEE INVESTIGATION COMMUNICATIONS 
                  EXCLUDED FROM DEFINITION OF CONSUMER REPORT.

                 (a) IN GENERAL.—Section 603 of the Fair Credit Reporting
Act (15 U.S.C. 1681a), as amended by this Act is amended by 
adding at the end the following:
                               ‘‘(x) EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN COMMUNICATIONS FOR EMPLOYEE
                               INVESTIGATIONS.—
                                            ‘‘(1) COMMUNICATIONS DESCRIBED IN THIS SUBSECTION.—
                              A communication is described in this subsection if—
                                                        ‘‘(A) but for subsection (d)(2)(D), the communication
                                would be a consumer report;
                                                        ‘‘(B) the communication is made to an employer in
                                connection with an investigation of—
                                                                     ‘‘(i) suspected misconduct relating to employment;
                                            or
                                                                    ‘‘(ii) compliance with Federal, State, or local laws
                                          and regulations, the rules of a self-regulatory organiza- 
                                tion, or any preexisting written policies of the employer;
                                                        ‘‘(C) the communication is not made for the purpose
                                of investigating a consumer’s credit worthiness, credit 
                                standing, or credit capacity; and
                                                        ‘‘(D) the communication is not provided to any person
                                except—
                                                                      ‘‘(i) to the employer or an agent of the employer;
                                                                      ‘‘(ii) to any Federal or State officer, agency, or 
                                department, or any officer, agency, or department of 
                                a unit of general local government;
                                                                      ‘‘(iii) to any self-regulatory organization with regu- 
                               latory authority over the activities of the employer
                                or employee;
                                                                      ‘‘(iv) as otherwise required by law; or
                                                                      ‘‘(v) pursuant to section 608.
                                            ‘‘(2) SUBSEQUENT DISCLOSURE.—After taking any adverse
                              action based in whole or in part on a communication described
                              in paragraph (1), the employer shall disclose to the consumer
                              a summary containing the nature and substance of the commu- 
                              nication upon which the adverse action is based, except that
                              the sources of information acquired solely for use in preparing
                              what would be but for subsection (d)(2)(D) an investigative 
                              consumer report need not be disclosed.
                                            ‘‘(3) SELF-REGULATORY ORGANIZATION DEFINED.—For pur-
                              poses of this subsection, the term ‘self-regulatory organization’
                              includes any self-regulatory organization (as defined in section 
                              3(a)(26) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), any entity
                              established under title I of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
                              any board of trade designated by the Commodity Futures