92 STAT. 608                PUBLIC LAW 95-369—SEPT. 17, 1978

       (12) “State branch” means a branch of a foreign bank estab-
lished and operating under the laws of any State;
      (13) the terms “bank”, “bank holding company”, “company”,
 “control”, and “subsidiary” have the same meanings assigned to
 those terms in the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, and the
 terms “controlled” and “controlling” shall be construed con-
 sistently with the term “control” as defined in section 2 of the
 Bank Holding Company Act of 1956; and
12 USC 1841.
      (14) “consolidated” means consolidated in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
 consistently applied.

                           DIRECTORS OF NATIONAL BANKS

 SEC. 2. Section 5146 of the Revised Statutes (12 U.S.C. 72) is
 amended by striking out the period at the end of the first sentence and
 adding the following new provision: “, except that in the case of an
association which is a subsidiary or affiliate of a foreign bank, the
Comptroller of the Currency may in his discretion waive the require-
ment of citizenship in the case of not more than a minority of the total
number of directors.”.

                            EDGE ACT CORPORATIONS

12 USC 611a 
Sec. 3. (a) It is the purpose of this section to eliminate or modify
note. provisions in section 25(a) of the Federal Reserve Act that (1) dis-
12 USC criminate against foreign-owned banking institutions, (2) disadvant-
611-631. age or unnecessarily restrict or limit corporations organized under
section 25(a) of the Federal Reserve Act in competing with foreign-
owned banking institutions in the United States or abroad or (3)
impede the attainment of the Congressional purposes set forth in sec-
tion 25(a) of the Federal Reserve Act as amended by subsection (b)
of this section. In furtherance of such purpose, the Congress believes
that the Board should review and revise its rules, regulations, and
interpretations issued pursuant to section 25(a) of the Federal
Reserve Act to eliminate or modify any restrictions, conditions, or
limitations not required by section 25(a) of the Federal Reserve Act,
as amended, that (1) discriminate against foreign-owned banking
institutions, (2) disadvantage or unnecessarily restrict or limit corpo-
rations organized under section 25(a) of the Federal Reserve Act in
competing with foreign-owned banking institutions in the United
States or abroad, or (3) impede the attainment of the Congressional
 purposes set forth in section 25(a) of the Federal Reserve Act as
amended by subsection (b) of this section. Rules and regulations pur-
suant to this subsection and section 25(a) of the Federal Reserve Act
shall be issued not later than 150 days after the date of enactment of
this section and shall be issued in final form and become effective not
Effective date. later than 120 days after they are first issued.
      (b) Section 25(a) of the Federal Reserve Act is amended by adding
 after the first paragraph (12 U.S.C. 611), the following new
 paragraph:
12 USC 611a.
      “The Congress hereby declares that it is the purpose of this section
 to provide for the establishment of international banking and financial
 corporations operating under Federal supervision with powers suffi-
 ciently broad to enable them to compete effectively with similar for-
 eign-owned institutions in the United States and abroad; to afford to
 the United States exporter and importer in particular, and to United