92 STAT. 614            PUBLIC LAW 95-369—SEPT. 17, 1978

located outside of its home State if such acquisition would be prohibited under section 3(d) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 12 USC 1842. 1956 if the foreign bank were a bank holding company the operations of whose banking subsidiaries were principally conducted in the foreign bank’s home State. Notwithstanding any other provisions of Federal or State law, deposits received by any Federal or State branch subject to the limitations of an agreement or undertaking imposed under this subsection shall not be subject to any requirement of mandatory insurance by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
(b) Unless its authority to do so is lawfully revoked otherwise than pursuant to this section, a foreign bank, notwithstanding any restriction or limitation imposed under subsection (a) of this section, may establish and operate, outside its home State, any State branch, State agency, or bank or commercial lending company subsidiary which commenced lawful operation or for which an application to commence business had been lawfully filed with the appropriate State or Federal authority, as the case may be, on or before July 27, 1978.
(c) For the purposes of this section, the home State of a foreign bank that has branches, agencies, subsidiary commercial lending companies, or subsidiary banks, or any combination thereof, in more that one State, is whichever of such States is so determined by election of the foreign bank, or, in default of such election, by the Board.

          INSURANCE OF DEPOSITS

12 USC 3104. SEC. 6.    (a) No foreign bank may establish or operate a Federal
branch which receives deposits of less than $100,000 unless the branch is an insured branch as defined in section 3(s) of the Federal Deposit 12 USC 1813. Insurance Act, or unless the Comptroller determines by order or regulation that the branch is not engaged in domestic retail deposit activities requiring deposit insurance protection, taking account of the size and nature of depositors and deposit accounts.
(b) After the date of enactment of this Act no foreign bank may establish a branch, and after one year following such date no foreign bank may operate a branch, in any State in which the deposits of a bank organized and existing under the laws of that State would be required to be insured, unless the branch is an insured branch as defined in section 3(s) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, or unless the branch will not thereafter accept deposits of less then $100,000, or unless the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation determines by order or regulation that the branch is not engaged in domestic retail deposit activities requiring deposit insurance protection, taking account of the size and nature of depositors and deposit accounts.
(c)(1) The Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1811-1832) is amended as set forth hereinafter in this subsection, in which section numbers not otherwise identified refer to sections of that Act.
(2) Section 3(h) is amended by inserting “(including a foreign bank having an insured branch)” immediately after “(h) The term 'insured bank’ means any bank’.”
(3) Section 3(i) is amended by inserting “or of a branch of a foreign bank” immediately before the period at the end thereof. 
(4) Section 3(m) is amended (A) by changing “(m) The” to read “(m)(1) Subject to the provisions of paragraph (2) of this subsection, the”, and (B) by adding at the end thereof the following new paragraph: