92 STAT. 624                PUBLIC LAW 95-369 - SEPT. 17, 1978 
bill commence a study of the extent to which banks organized under the laws of the United States or any State thereof are denied, whether by law or practice, national treatment in conducting banking opera- tions in foreign countries, and the effect, if any, of such discrimina- tion on United States exports to those countries. On or before one year after enactment of this section, the Secretary of the Treasury shall
Report to be required to report his findings, conclusions, and recommendations Congress.
from such study to the Congress and describe the efforts undertaken by the United States to eliminate any foreign laws or practices that discriminate against banks organized under the laws of the United States or any State thereof, or that serve as a barrier to the financing of United States exports to any foreign country.

REPRESENTATIVE OFFICES 
Rules. SEC. 10. (a) Any foreign bank that maintains an office other than a 12 USC 3107.
branch or agency in any State shall register with the Secretary of the Treasury in accordance with rules prescribed by him, within one hundred and eighty days after the date of enactment of this Act or the date on which the office is established, whichever is later. (b) This Act does not authorize the establishment of any such office in any State in contravention of State law.

CEASE-AND-DESIST ORDERS 
SEC. 11. Subsection (b) of section 8 of the Federal Deposit Insur- ance Act (12 U.S.C. 1818(b)) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new paragraph:

“(4) This subsection and subsections (c), (d), (h), (i), (k), (1), (m), and (n) of this section shall apply to any foreign bank or com- pany to which subsection (a) of section 8 of the International Bank- ing Act of 1978 applies and to any subsidiary (other than a bank) of any such foreign bank or company in the same manner as they
"Subsidiary." apply to a bank holding company and any subsidiary thereof (other than a bank) under subparagraph (3) of this subsection. For the purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘subsidiary’ shall have the 12 USC 1841. meaning assigned to it in section 2 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956.”

AMENDMENT TO THE BANKING ACT OF 1933 
SEC. 12. Section 21 of the Banking Act of 1933 (12 U.S.C. 378) is amended by striking clause (B) of paragraph (2) of subsection (a) thereof and inserting in lieu thereof the following: “(B) shall be permitted by the United States, any State, territory, or district to engage in such business and shall be subjected by the laws of the United States, or such State, territory, or district to examination and regulations or,” 

REGULATION AND ENFORCEMENT 
SEC. 13. (a) The Comptroller, the Board, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, are authorized and empowered to issue such 12 USC 3108. rules, regulations, and orders as each of them may deem necessary in order to perform their respective duties and functions under this Act and to administer and carry out the provisions and purposes of this Act and prevent evasions thereof.