92 STAT. 618          PUBLIC LAW 95-369-SEPT. 17, 1978

12 USC 1815.
12 USC 1817.

shall weigh the existence of any such prohibition or impracticability in connection with its consideration of the factors enumerated in sections 5 ( b ) ( 4 ) and 5 ( b ) ( 7 ) . 

“ ( 13 ) Section 7 ( j ) ( 2 ) is amended by changing “ ( 2 ) Whenever” to read “ ( 2 ) ( A ) Except as provided in subparagraph ( B ) of this paragraph , whenever” and by adding at the end thereof the following new subparagraphs: 
“ ( B ) The requirements of subparagraph ( A ) of this paragraph shall not apply in the case of a loan secured by the stock of a foreign bank if the lending bank is a foreign bank under the laws of whose domicile the report otherwise required by subparagraph ( A ) would be prohibited . 
“ ( C ) No foreign bank under the laws of whose domicile a report in compliance with subparagraph ( A ) of this paragraph would be prohibited in the case of a loan to acquire the stock of an insured bank which is not a foreign bank may make , acquire , or retain any such loan. Each report of condition filed under subsection ( a ) by any foreign bank to which this subparagraph applies shall contain either a statement of the amounts of each loan made, retained, or acquired by the foreign bank in violation of this subpargraphic during the period from the date it became an insured bank or the date of its last report of condition , whichever is later , to the date of the report of condition , or a statement that no such loans were made and no such loans were outstanding during such period. ” 


12 USC 1818.

( 14 ) The first sentence of section 8 ( a ) is amended by inserting “ a foreign bank having an insured branch which is a Federal branch , a foreign bank having an insured branch which is required to be insured under section 6 ( a ) or ( b ) of the International Banking Act of  1978 ,” immediately after “ ( except a national member bank ) ” .
( 15 ) Section 8 is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new subsections :
“ ( r ) ( 1 ) Except as otherwise specifically provided in this section , the provisions of this section shall be applied to foreign banks in accordance with this subsection .
“ ( 2 ) An act or practice outside the United States on the part of a foreign bank or any officer, director, employee, or agent thereof may not constitute the basis for any action by any officer or agency of the United States under this section , unless
“( A ) such officer or agency alleges a belief that such act or practice has been , is , or is likely to be a cause of or carried on in connection with or in furtherance of an act or practice within any one or more States which , in and of itself , would constitute an appropriate basis for action by a Federal officer or agency under this section ; or
“ ( B ) the alleged act or practice is one which , if proven, would , in the judgment of the Board of Directors , adversely affect the insurance risk assumed by the Corporation .
“ ( 3 ) In any case in which any action or proceeding is brought pursuant to an allegation under paragraph ( 2 ) of this subsection for the suspension or removal of any officer , director, or other person associated with a foreign bank, and such person fails to appear promptly as a party to such action or proceeding and to comply with any effective order or judgment therein , any failure by the foreign bank to secure his removal from any office he holds in such bank and from any further participation in its affairs shall , in and of itself , constitute grounds for termination of the insurance of the deposits in any branch of the bank .