92 STAT. 616            PUBLIC LAW 95- 369—SEPT. 17. 1978
Regulations.
"(s) The term ‘insured branch’ means a branch of a foreign bank
any deposits in which are insured in accordance with the provisions of this Act.” 
12 use 1815.
(7) Section 5 is amended (A) by changing "sec. 5” to read “Sec. 5(a)” and (B) by adding at the end thereof the following new sub­ 
sections:
“(b) Subject to the provisions of this Act and to such terms and con­ 
ditions as the Board of Directors may impose, any branch of a foreign
bank, upon application by the bank to the Corporation, and examina­ 
tion by the Corporation of the branch, and approval by the Board of  Directors, may become an insured branch. Before approving any such  application, the Board of Directors shall give consideration to-
“(1) the financial history and condition of the bank,         
“(2) the adequacy of its capital structure,
“(3) its future earnings prospects,
“(4) the general character of its management, including but  not limited to the management of the branch proposed to be  insured,
“(5) the convenience and needs of the community to be served  by the branch.
“(6) whether or not its corporate powers, insofar as they will be  exercised through the proposed insured branch, are consistent with  the purposes of this Act, and 
“(7) the probable adequacy and reliability of information sup­  
plied and to be supplied by the bank to the Corporation to enable  it to carry out its functions under this Act.
“(c)(1) Before any branch of a foreign bank becomes an insured  branch, the bank shall deliver to the Corporation or as the Corporation  may direct a surety bond, a pledge of assets, or both, in such amounts  and of such types as the Corporation may require or approve for the  purpose set forth in paragraph (4) of this subsection.  
“(2) After any branch of a foreign bank becomes an insured branch, the bank shall maintain on deposit with the Corporation, or as the  Corporation may direct, surety bonds or assets or both, in such amounts  and of such types as shall be determined from time to time in accord­ ance with such regulations as the Board of Directors may prescribe.  Such regulations may impose differing requirements on the basis of  any factors which in the judgment of the Board of Directors are rea­sonably related to the purpose set forth in paragraph (4).  
“(3) The Corporation may require of any given bank larger deposits of bonds and assets than required under paragraph (2) of this subsec­ tion if, in the judgment of the Corporation, the situation of that bank or any branch thereof is or becomes such that the deposits of bonds and assets otherwise required under this section would not adequately fulfill the purpose set forth in paragraph (4). The imposition of any such additional requirements may be without notice or opportunity for hearing, but the Corporation shall afford an opportunity to any such bank to apply for a reduction or removal of any such additional  requirements so imposed.  
“(4) The purpose of the surety bonds and pledges of assets required under this subsection is to provide protection to the deposit insurance fund against the risks entailed in insuring the domestic deposits of a foreign bank whose activities, assets, and personnel are in large part outside the jurisdiction of the United States. In the implementation of its authority under this subsection, however, the Corporation shall endeavor to avoid imposing requirements on such banks which would