92 STAT. 610                    PUBLIC LAW 95-369—SEPT. 17, 1978

any corporation organized under this section, and any such corporations shall be subject to the same provisions of law as any other corporation organized under this section, and the terms 'controls' and 'controlling interest' shall be construed consistently with the definition of 'control' in section 2 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956. For the purposes of the preceding sentence of this paragraph the term 'foreign bank' shall have the meaning assigned to it in the International Banking Act of 1978."

(g) The Board shall report to the Congress not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act its recommendations with respect to permitting corporations organized or operating under section 25 or 25(a) of the Federal Reserve Act, to become members of Federal Reserve Banks.
                                                                                                                                        
(h) As part of its annual report pursuant to section 10 of the Federal Reserve Act, the Board shall include its assessment of the effects of the amendments made by this Act on the capitalization and activities of corporations organized or operating under section 25 or 25(a) of the Federal Reserve Act, and on commercial banks and the banking system.

FEDERAL BRANCHES AND AGENCIES

Sec. 4. (a) Except as provided in section 5, a foreign bank which engages directly in a banking business outside the United States may, with the approval of the Comptroller, establish one or more Federal branches or agencies in any State in which (1) it is not operating a branch or agency pursuant to State law and (2) the establishment of a branch or agency, as the case may be, by, a foreign bank is not prohibited by State law.

(b) In establishing and operating a Federal branch or agency, a foreign bank shall be subject to such rules, regulations, and orders as the Comptroller considers appropriate to carry out this section, which shall include provisions for service of process and maintenance of branch and agency accounts separate from those of the parent bank. Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Act or in rules, regulations, or orders adopted by the Comptroller under this section, operations of a foreign bank at a Federal branch or agency shall be conducted with the same rights and privileges as a national bank at the same location and shall be subject to all the same duties, restrictions, penalties, liabilities, conditions, and limitations that would apply under the National Bank Act to a national bank doing business at the same location, except that (1) the requirements of section 5240 of the Revised Statutes (12 U.S.C. 481) shall be met with respect to a Federal branch or agency if it is examined at least once in each calendar year; (2) any limitation or restriction based on the capital stock and surplus of a national bank shall be deemed to refer, as applied to a Federal branch or agency, to the dollar equivalent of the capital stock and surplus of the foreign bank, and if the foreign bank has more than one Federal branch or agency the business transacted by all such branches and agencies shall be aggregated in determining compliance with the limitation; (3) a Federal branch or agency shall not be required to become a member bank, as that term is defined in section 1 of the Federal Reserve Act; and (4) a Federal agency shall not be required to become an insured bank as that term is defined in section 3 (h) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.
