PUBLIC LAW 95-369-SEPT. 17, 1978                            92 STAT. 609

States commerce, industry, and agriculture in general, at all times a means of financing international trade, especially United States exports; to foster the participation by regional and smaller banks throughout the United States in the provision of international banking and financing services to all segments of United States agriculture, commerce, and industry, and, in particular small business and farming concerns; to stimulate competition in the provision of international banking and financing services throughout the United States; and, in conjunction with each of the preceding purposes, to facilitate and stimulate the export of United States goods, wares, merchandise, commodities, and services to achieve a sound United States international trade position. The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall issue rules and regulations under this section consistent with and in furtherance of the purposes described in the preceding sentence, and, in accordance therewith, shall review and revise any such rules and regulations at least once every five years, the first such period commencing with the effective date of rules and regulations issued pursuant to section 3(a) of the International Banking Act of 1978, in order to ensure that such purposes are being served in light of prevailing economic conditions and banking practices.”.

(c) The second sentence of the fourth paragraph of section 25(a) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 614) is amended by striking out “, all of whom shall be citizens of the United States” after “to elect or appoint directors”.

(d) The first sentence of the sixth paragraph of section 25(a) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 615(a)) is amended by striking “, but in no event having liabilities outstanding thereon at any one time exceeding ten times its capital stock and surplus”; and the first sentence of the twelfth paragraph of section 25(a) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 618) is amended by inserting a period after “and in section 25 of the Federal Reserve Act as amended”, and by striking the remainder of the sentence.

(e) The third sentence of the sixth paragraph of section 25(a) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 615(a)) is amended by striking “, but in no event less than ten per centum of its deposits” and inserting in lieu thereof “for member banks of the Federal Reserve System”.

(f) The thirteenth paragraph of section 25(a) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 619) is deleted and the following paragraph is inserted in lieu thereof: “Except as otherwise provided in this section, a majority of the shares of the capital stock of any such corporation shall at all times be held and owned by citizens of the United States, by corporations the controlling interest in which is owned by citizens of the United States, chartered under the laws of the United States or of a State of the United States, or by firms or companies, the controlling interest in which is owned by citizens of the United States. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this section, one or more foreign banks, institutions organized under the laws of foreign countries which own or control foreign banks, or banks organized under the laws of the United States, the States of the United States, or the District of Columbia, the controlling interests in which are owned by any such foreign banks or institutions, may, with the prior approval of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and upon such terms and conditions and subject to such rules and regulations as the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System may prescribe, own and bold 50 per centum or more of the shares of the capital stock of