PUBLIC LAW 95-369-SEPT. 17, 1978           92 STAT. 619
"(4) Where the venue of any judicial or administrative proceeding under this section is to be determined by reference to the location of the home office of a bank, the venue of such a proceeding with respect to a foreign bank having one or more branches or agencies in not more than one judicial district or other relevant jurisdiction shall be within such jurisdiction. Where such a bank has branches or agencies in more than one such jurisdiction, the venue shall be in the jurisdiction within which the branch or branches or agency or agencies involved in the proceeding are located, and if there is more than one such jurisdiction, the venue shall be proper in any such jurisdiction in which the proceeding is brought or to which it may appropriately be transferred.
"(5)Any service required or authorized to be made on a foreign bank may be made on any branch or agency located within any State, but if such service is in connection with an action or proceeding involving one or more branches or one or more agencies located in any State, service shall be made on at least one such branch or agency so involved.".
(16)(A) The first sentence of section 10(b) is amended (i) by inserting "any insured State branch of a foreign bank, any State branch of a foreign bank making application to become an insured bank," immediately after "(except a District bank)", and (ii) by inserting "or branch" before the comma after "any closed insured bank".
(B) The second sentence of section 10(b) is amended by inserting ", insured Federal branch of a foreign bank," between the words "national bank" and "or District bank".
(C) The third sentence of section 10(b) is amended by inserting ", and in the case of a foreign bank, a binding commitment by such a bank to permit such examination to the extent determined by the Board of Directors to be necessary to carry out the purposes of this Act shall be required as a condition to the insurance of any deposits" immediately before the period at the end thereof.
(17) Section 11(e) is amended by inserting ", insured Federal branch of a foreign bank," immediately before "or insured District bank,".
(18) The first sentence of section 11(e) is amended by inserting "or any insured branch (other than a Federal branch) of a foreign bank" immediately before "shall have been closed".
(19) The second sentence of section 11(e) is amended by changing "such insured State bank," to read "such insured State bank or insured branch of a foreign bank,".
(20) Section 11(f) is amended by inserting "or insured branch of a foreign bank" immediately before "shall have been closed".
(21) The first sentence of section 11(g) is amended by inserting ", insured branch of a foreign bank," immediately before "or District bank,".
(22) The third sentence of section 11(g) is amended by changing "In the case of any closed insured bank," to read "In the case of any closed insured bank or closed insured branch of a foreign bank,".
(23) Section 12(a) is amended by inserting ", branch of a foreign bank," immediately after "a closed national bank".
(24) Section 13 is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new subsection:
"(g) The powers conferred on the Board of Directors and the Corporation by this section to take action to reopen a closed insured bank or to avert the closing of an insured bank may be used with
39-194 0-80-pt. 1---43: QL3