PUBLIC LAW 95-369—SEPT. 17, 1978 	92 STAT. 621

that in the aggregate have total worldwide consolidated bank assets in excess of $1,000,000,000; or (C) its parent foreign bank is controlled by a group of foreign companies that own or control foreign banks that in the aggregate have total worldwide consolidated bank assets in excess of $1,000,000,000.

(b) Section 13 of the Federal Reserve Act is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new paragraph:
	"Subject to such restrictions, limitations, and regulations as may be imposed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, each Federal Reserve bank may receive deposits from, discount paper endorsed by, and make advances to any branch or agency of a foreign bank in the same manner and to the same extent that it may exercise such powers with respect to a member bank if such branch or agency is maintaining reserves with such Reserve bank pursuant to section 7 of the International Banking Act of 1978. In exercising any such powers with respect to any such branch or agency, each Federal Reserve bank shall give due regard to account balances being maintained by such branch or agency with such Reserve bank and the proportion of the assets of such branch or agency being held as reserves under section 7 of the International Banking Act of 1978. For the purposes of this paragraph, the terms 'branch,' 'agency,' and 'foreign bank' shall have the same meanings assigned to them in section 1 of the International Banking Act of 1978.

	Definitions.
12 USC 347d.
12 USC 82, 342-347, 347c, 372.

(c) (1) The Board may make examinations of each branch or agency of a foreign bank, and of each commercial lending company or bank controlled by one or more foreign banks or by one or more foreign companies that control a foreign bank, the cost of which shall be assessed against and paid by such foreign bank or company, as the case may be. The Board shall, insofar as possible, use the reports of examinations made by the Comptroller, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or the appropriate State bank supervisory authority for the purposes of this subsection.

	12 USC 3105.

(2) Each branch or agency of a foreign bank, other than a Federal branch or agency, shall be subject to paragraph 20 and the provision requiring the reports of condition contained in paragraph 6 of section 9 of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 335 and 324) to the same extent and in the same manner as if the branch or agency were a State member bank. In addition to any requirements imposed under section 4 of this Act, each Federal branch and agency shall be subject to subparagraph (a) of section 11 of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 248(a)) and to paragraph 5 of section 21 of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 483) to the same extent and in the same manner as if it were a member bank.

(d) On or before two years after enactment of this Act, the Board after consultation with the appropriate State bank supervisory authorities shall report to the Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs of the United States House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the United States Senate its recommendations with respect to the implementation of this Act, including any recommended requirements such as limitations on loans to affiliates or capital adequacy requirements which should be imposed on foreign banks to carry out the purposes of this Act. Not later than one hundred and eighty days after the enactment of this Act, the Board shall report to such Committees the steps which have been taken to consult and cooperate with State bank supervisory authorities as required by subsection (a)(1)(B).
	Report to congressional committees.