132 STAT. 1344

PUBLIC LAW 115-174—MAY 24, 2018

Awards or allowing such entities to combine their programs under this section for purposes of employing a coordinator.

‘‘(B) ADDITIONAL AWARD.—An eligible entity that meets performance standards set by the Secretary is eligible to receive an additional award sufficient to cover the costs of filling an additional family self-sufficiency coordinator position if such entity has 75 or more participating families, and an additional coordinator for each additional 50 participating families, or such other ratio as may be established by the Secretary based on the award allocation evaluation under subparagraph (E).

‘‘(C) STATE AND REGIONAL AGENCIES.—For purposes of calculating the award under this paragraph, each administratively distinct part of a State or regional eligible entity may be treated as a separate agency.

‘‘(D) DETERMINATION OF NUMBER OF COORDINATORS.—In determining whether an eligible entity meets a specific threshold for funding pursuant to this paragraph, the Secretary shall consider the number of participants enrolled by the eligible entity in its Family Self-Sufficiency program as well as other criteria determined by the Secretary.

‘‘(E) AWARD ALLOCATION EVALUATION.—The Secretary shall submit to Congress a report evaluating the award allocation under this subsection, and make recommendations based on this evaluation and other related findings to modify such allocation, within 4 years after the date of enactment of the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act, and not less frequently than every 4 years thereafter. The report requirement under this subparagraph shall terminate after the Secretary has submitted 2 such reports to Congress.

‘‘(3) RENEWALS AND ALLOCATION.—
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Funds allocated by the Secretary under this subsection shall be allocated in the following order of priority:

‘‘(i) FIRST PRIORITY.—Renewal of the full cost of all coordinators in the previous year at each eligible entity with an existing Family Self-Sufficiency program that meets applicable performance standards set by the Secretary.

‘‘(ii) SECOND PRIORITY.—New or incremental coordinator funding authorized under this section.

‘‘(B) GUIDANCE.—If the first priority, as described in subparagraph (A)(i), cannot be fully satisfied, the Secretary may prorate the funding for each eligible entity, as long as—

‘‘(i) each eligible entity that has received funding for at least 1 part-time coordinator in the prior fiscal year is provided sufficient funding for at least 1 part-time coordinator as part of any such proration; and

‘‘(ii) each eligible entity that has received funding for at least 1 full-time coordinator in the prior fiscal year is provided sufficient funding for at least 1 full-time coordinator as part of any such proration.

‘‘(4) RECAPTURE OR OFFSET.—Any awards allocated under this subsection by the Secretary in a fiscal year that have not been spent by the end of the subsequent fiscal year or