132 STAT. 1300

PUBLIC LAW 115-174-MAY 24, 2018

“(A) has contacted not fewer than 3 State certified appraisers or State licensed appraisers, as applicable, on the mortgage originator’s approved appraiser list in the market area in accordance with part 226 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations; and
“(B) has documented that no State certified appraiser or State licensed appraiser, as applicable, was available within 5 business days beyond customary and reasonable fee and timeliness standards for comparable appraisal assignments, as documented by the mortgage originator or its agent;
“(3) the transaction value is less than $400,000; and
“(4) the mortgage originator is subject to oversight by a
Federal financial institutions regulatory agency.
“(c) SALE, ASSIGNMENT, OR TRANSFER.—A mortgage originator that makes a loan without an appraisal under the terms of subsection (b) shall not sell, assign, or otherwise transfer legal title to the loan unless—
“(1) the loan is sold, assigned, or otherwise transferred to another person by reason of the bankruptcy or failure of the mortgage originator;
“(2) the loan is sold, assigned, or otherwise transferred to another person regulated by a Federal financial institutions regulatory agency, so long as the loan is retained in portfolio by the person;
“(3) the sale, assignment, or transfer is pursuant to a merger of the mortgage originator with another person or the acquisition of the mortgage originator by another person or of another person by the mortgage originator; or
“(4) the sale, loan, or transfer is to a wholly owned subsidiary of the mortgage originator, provided, that, after the sale, assignment, or transfer, the loan is considered to be an asset of the mortgage originator for regulatory accounting purposes.
“(d) EXCEPTION.—Subsection (b) shall not apply if—
“(1) a Federal financial institutions regulatory agency requires an appraisal under section 225.63(c), 323.3(b), 323.3(c), 34.43(c), or 722.3(e) of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations; or
“(2) the loan is a high-cost mortgage, as defined in section 103 of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1602).
“(e) ANTI-EVASION.—Each Federal financial institutions regulatory agency shall ensure that any mortgage originator that the Federal financial institutions regulatory agency oversees that makes a significant amount of loans under subsection (b) is complying with the requirements of subsection (b)(2) with respect to each loan.”.

SEC. 104. HOME MORTGAGE DISCLOSURE ACT ADJUSTMENT AND STUDY.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 304 of the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975 (12 U.S.C. 2803) is amended—
(1) by redesignating subsection (i) as paragraph (3) and adjusting the margins accordingly;
(2) by inserting before paragraph (3), as so redesignated, the following: 
“(i) EXEMPTIONS.—
