PUBLIC LAW 115–174—MAY 24, 2018

132 STAT. 1325

with paragraphs (1) through (7) of such section 505(a) by the agencies described in those paragraphs.
(B) RELEVANT INFORMATION.—Upon discovery by the Commissioner, pursuant to an audit described in paragraph (1), of any violation of this section or any certification made under this section, the Commissioner shall forward any relevant information pertaining to that violation to the appropriate agency described in subparagraph (A) for evaluation by the agency for purposes of enforcing this section.
(h) RECOVERY OF COSTS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—Amounts obligated to carry out this section shall be fully recovered from the users of the database or verification system by way of advances, reimbursements, user fees, or other recoveries as determined by the Commissioner. The funds recovered under this paragraph shall be deposited as an offsetting collection to the account providing appropriations for the Social Security Administration, to be used for the administration of this section without fiscal year limitation.
(B) PRICES FIXED BY COMMISSIONER.—The Commissioner shall establish the amount to be paid by the users under this paragraph, including the costs of any services or work performed, such as any appropriate upgrades, maintenance, and associated direct and indirect administrative costs, in support of carrying out the purposes described in this section, by reimbursement or in advance as determined by the Commissioner. The amount of such prices shall be periodically adjusted by the Commissioner to ensure that amounts collected are sufficient to fully offset the cost of the administration of this section.
(2) INITIAL DEVELOPMENT.—The Commissioner shall not begin development of a verification system to carry out this section until the Commissioner determines that amounts equal to at least 50 percent of program start-up costs have been collected under paragraph (1).
(3) EXISTING RESOURCES.—The Commissioner may use funds designated for information technology modernization to carry out this section.
(4) ANNUAL REPORT.—The Commissioner shall annually submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on the amount of indirect costs to the Social Security Administration arising as a result of the implementation of this section.

SEC. 216. TREASURY REPORT ON RISKS OF CYBER THREATS.
Deadline.

Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report on the risks of cyber threats to financial institutions and capital markets in the United States, including—
(1) an assessment of the material risks of cyber threats to financial institutions and capital markets in the United States;
Assessment.