132 STAT. 1366                PUBLIC LAW 115-174—MAY 24, 2018

               SEC. 602. REHABILITATION OF PRIVATE EDUCATION LOANS.
                 
                 (a) IN GENERAL.—Section 623(a)(1) of the Fair Credit Reporting
              Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s-2(a)(1)) is amended by adding at the end
              the following:
                          ‘‘(E) REHABILITATION OF PRIVATE EDUCATION LOANS.—
                                   ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding any other
                            provision of this section, a consumer may request a
                            financial institution to remove from a consumer report
                            a reported default regarding a private education loan,
                            and such information shall not be considered inaccu-
Assessment.         rate, if—
                                           ‘‘(I) the financial institution chooses to offer
                                   a loan rehabilitation program which includes, with-
                                   out limitation, a requirement of the consumer to
                                   make consecutive on-time monthly payments in
                                   a number that demonstrates, in the assessment
                                   of the financial institution offering the loan
                                   rehabilitation program, a renewed ability and
                                   willingness to repay the loan; and
                                           ‘‘(II) the requirements of the loan rehabilita-
                                   tion program described in subclause (I) are success-
                                   fully met.
                                   ‘‘(ii) BANKING AGENCIES.—
                                           ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL.—If a financial institution is
                                   supervised by a Federal banking agency, the finan-
                                   cial institution shall seek written approval from
                                   the appropriate Federal banking agency con-
Deadline.                      cerning   the terms and conditions of the loan
                                   rehabilitation program described in clause (i) from
                                   the appropriate Federal banking agency.
                                           ‘‘(II) FEEDBACK.—An appropriate Federal
                                   banking agency shall provide feedback to a finan-
                                   cial institution within 120 days of a request for
                                   approval under subclause (I).
                                   ‘‘(iii) LIMITATION.—
                                           ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL.—A consumer may obtain the
                                   benefits available under this subsection with
                                   respect to rehabilitating a loan only 1 time per
                                   loan.
                                           ‘‘(II) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this
                                   subparagraph may be construed to require a finan-
                                   cial institution to offer a loan rehabilitation pro-
                                   gram or to remove any reported default from a
                                   consumer report as a consideration of a loan
                                   rehabilitation program, except as described in
                                   clause (i).
                                   ‘‘(iv) DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of this subpara-
                             graph—
                                           ‘‘(I) the term ‘appropriate Federal banking
                                   agency’ has the meaning given the term in section
                                   3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C.
                                   1813); and
                                           ‘‘(II) the term ‘private education loan’ has the
                                   meaning given the term in section 140(a) of the
                                   Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1650(a)).’’.
       (b) GAO STUDY.—
