132 STAT. 1354               PUBLIC LAW 115–174—MAY 24, 2018

        ‘‘(C) is consistent with the safe and sound operation of 
the corporation;
            ‘‘(D) complies with any standards and criteria established 
Compliance.
        Criteria.    by the Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency under 
section 1328(1) of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial 
Safety and Soundness Act of 1992; and
            ‘‘(E) satisfies any other requirements, as determined by 
the Corporation.
        ‘‘(4) REPLACEMENT OF CREDIT SCORE MODEL.—If the Corpora-
tion has validated and approved 1 or more credit score models 
under paragraph (3) and the Corporation validates and approves 
an additional credit score model, the Corporation may determine 
that—
                    ‘‘(A) the additional credit score model has replaced the 
credit score model or credit score models previously validated 
and approved; and
                    ‘‘(B) the credit score model or credit score models previously 
validated and approved shall no longer be considered validated 
and approved for the purposes of paragraph (2).
        ‘‘(5) PUBLIC DISCLOSURE.—Upon establishing the validation and 
approval process required under paragraph (3), the Corporation 
shall make publicly available a description of the validation and 
approval process.
        ‘‘(6) APPLICATION.—Not later than 30 days after the effective 
Deadline.    date of this subsection, the Corporation shall solicit applications 
from developers of credit scoring models for the validation and 
approval of those models under the process required under para-
graph (3).
        ‘‘(7) TIMEFRAME FOR DETERMINATION; NOTICE.—
                    ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The Corporation shall make a deter-
mination with respect to any application submitted under para-
graph (6), and provide notice of that determination to the 
applicant, before a date established by the Corporation that 
is not later than 180 days after the date on which an application 
is submitted to the Corporation.
                    ‘‘(B) EXTENSIONS.—The Director of the Federal Housing 
Finance Agency may authorize not more than 2 extensions 
of the date established under subparagraph (A), each of which 
shall not exceed 30 days, upon a written request and a showing 
of good cause by the Corporation.
                    ‘‘(C) STATUS NOTICE.—The Corporation shall provide notice 
to an applicant regarding the status of an application submitted 
under paragraph (6) not later than 60 days after the date 
on which the application was submitted to the Corporation.
                    ‘‘(D) REASONS FOR DISAPPROVAL.—If an application sub-
mitted under paragraph (6) is disapproved, the Corporation 
shall provide to the applicant the reasons for the disapproval 
not later than 30 days after a determination is made under 
this paragraph.
        Compliance.      ‘‘(8) AUTHORITY OF DIRECTOR.—If the Corporation elects to use 
a credit score under this subsection, the Director of the Federal 
Housing Finance Agency shall require the Corporation to periodi-
cally review the validation and approval process required under 
paragraph (3) as the Director determines necessary to ensure that 
the process remains appropriate and adequate and complies with 
any standards and criteria established pursuant to section 1328(1)