132 STAT. 1334               PUBLIC LAW 115-174—MAY 24, 2018

15 USC 1681c note.
Deadline.
Federal Register, publication.
Notice.

“(3) DELETION OF INFORMATION FROM FILE.—If a consumer 
reporting agency receives notice, proof of liability, or docu-
mentation under paragraph (1), the consumer reporting agency 
shall delete all information relating to the veteran’s medical 
debt from the file of the veteran and notify the furnisher 
and the veteran of that deletion.”.
(c) VERIFICATION OF VETERAN’S MEDICAL DEBT.—
        (1) DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of this subsection—
            (A) the term “consumer reporting agency” means a 
            consumer reporting agency described in section 603(p) of 
            the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681a(p)); and
            (B) the terms “veteran” and “veteran’s medical debt” 
            have the meanings given those terms in section 603 of 
            the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681a), as added 
            by subsection (b)(1).
        (2) ESTABLISHMENT.—Not later than 1 year after the date 
        of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs 
        shall establish a database to allow consumer reporting agencies 
        to verify whether a debt furnished to a consumer reporting 
        agency is a veteran’s medical debt.
        (3) DATABASE FEATURES.—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs 
        shall ensure that the database established under paragraph 
        (2), to the extent permitted by law, provides consumer reporting 
        agencies with—
            (A) sufficiently detailed and specific information to 
            verify whether a debt being furnished to the consumer 
            reporting agency is a veteran’s medical debt;
            (B) access to verification information in a secure elec-
            tronic format;
            (C) timely access to verification information; and
            (D) any other features that would promote the efficient, 
            timely, and secure delivery of information that consumer 
            reporting agencies could use to verify whether a debt is 
            a veteran’s medical debt.
        (4) STAKEHOLDER INPUT.—Prior to establishing the data-
        base for verification under paragraph (2), the Secretary of Vet-
        erans Affairs shall publish in the Federal Register a notice 
        and request for comment that solicits input from consumer 
        reporting agencies and other stakeholders.
        (5) VERIFICATION.—Provided the database established 
        under paragraph (2) is fully functional and the data available 
        to consumer reporting agencies, a consumer reporting agency 
        shall use the database as a means to identify a veteran’s 
        medical debt pursuant to paragraphs (7) and (8) of section 
        605(a) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681c(a)), 
        as added by subsection (b)(2).
(d) CREDIT MONITORING.—
        (1) IN GENERAL.—Section 605A of the Fair Credit Reporting 
        Act (15 U.S.C. 1681c–1), as amended by section 301(a), is 
        amended by adding at the end the following:
        ‘‘(k) CREDIT MONITORING.—
            ‘‘(1) DEFINITIONS.—In this subsection:
                ‘‘(A) The term ‘active duty military consumer’ includes 
                a member of the National Guard.
                ‘‘(B) The term ‘National Guard’ has the meaning given 
                the term in section 101(c) of title 10, United States Code.