PUBLIC LAW 115–174—MAY 24, 2018

132 STAT. 1321

affect any State or Federal law that governs a financial institution’s disclosure and security of personal information that is not publicly available.
(c) RELATION TO STATE LAW—The provisions of this section shall preempt and supersede any State law that conflicts with a provision of this section, but only to the extent of such conflict.

SEC. 214. PROMOTING CONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT ON MAIN STREET.

The Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1811 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section:

“SEC. 51. CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTAIN ACQUISITION, DEVELOPMENT, OR CONSTRUCTION LOANS.

“(a) IN GENERAL.—The appropriate Federal banking agencies may only require a depository institution to assign a heightened risk weight to a high volatility commercial real estate (HVCRE) exposure (as such term is defined under section 324.2 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations, as of October 11, 2017, or if a successor regulation is in effect as of the date of the enactment of this section, such term or any successor term contained in such successor regulation) under any risk-based capital requirement if such exposure is an HVCRE ADC loan.
“(b) HVCRE ADC LOAN DEFINED.—For purposes of this section and with respect to a depository institution, the term ‘HVCRE ADC loan’—
“(1) means a credit facility secured by land or improved real property that, prior to being reclassified by the depository institution as a non-HVCRE ADC loan pursuant to subsection (d)—
“(A) primarily finances, has financed, or refinances the acquisition, development, or construction of real property;
“(B) has the purpose of providing financing to acquire, develop, or improve such real property into income-producing real property; and
“(C) is dependent upon future income or sales proceeds from, or refinancing of, such real property for the repayment of such credit facility; 
“(2) does not include a credit facility financing—
“(A) the acquisition, development, or construction of properties that are—
“(i) one- to four-family residential properties;
“(ii) real property that would qualify as an investment in community development; or
“(iii) agricultural land;
“(B) the acquisition or refinance of existing income-producing real property secured by a mortgage on such property, if the cash flow being generated by the real property is sufficient to support the debt service and expenses of the real property, in accordance with the institution’s applicable loan underwriting criteria for permanent financings;
“(C) improvements to existing income-producing improved real property secured by a mortgage on such property, if the cash flow being generated by the real property is sufficient to support the debt service and expenses of the real property, in accordance with the