PUBLIC LAW 115–174—MAY 24, 2018 132 STAT. 1367

(1) STUDY.—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study, in consultation with the appropriate Federal banking agencies, regarding—

(A) the implementation of subparagraph (E) of section 623(a)(1) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s– 2(a)(1)) (referred to in this paragraph as ‘‘the provision’’), as added by subsection (a);

(B) the estimated operational, compliance, and reporting costs associated with the requirements of the provision;

(C) the effects of the requirements of the provision on the accuracy of credit reporting;

(D) the risks to safety and soundness, if any, created by the loan rehabilitation programs described in the provision; and

(E) a review of the effectiveness and impact on the credit of participants in any loan rehabilitation programs described in the provision and whether such programs improved the ability of participants in the programs to access credit products.

(2) REPORT.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report that contains all findings and determinations made in conducting the study required under paragraph (1).

SEC. 603. BEST PRACTICES FOR HIGHER EDUCATION FINANCIAL LIT. ERACY.

Section 514(a) of the Financial Literacy and Education Improvement Act (20 U.S.C. 9703(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following:

‘‘(3) BEST PRACTICES FOR TEACHING FINANCIAL LITERACY.—

‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—After soliciting public comments and consulting with and receiving input from relevant parties, including a diverse set of institutions of higher education and other parties, the Commission shall, by not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act, establish best practices for institutions of higher education regarding methods to—

‘‘(i) teach financial literacy skills; and

‘‘(ii) provide useful and necessary information to assist students at institutions of higher education with making financial decisions related to student borrowing.

‘‘(B) BEST PRACTICES.—The best practices described in subparagraph (A) shall include the following:

‘‘(i) Methods to ensure that each student has a clear sense of the student’s total borrowing obligations, including monthly payments, and repayment options.

‘‘(ii) The most effective ways to engage students in financial literacy education, including frequency and timing of communication with students.

‘‘(iii) Information on how to target different student populations, including part-time students, first-time students, and other nontraditional students.