132 STAT. 1332

PUBLIC LAW 115–174—MAY 24, 2018

	“(iii) The security freeze was placed due to a material misrepresentation of fact by the protected consumer’s representative.
	“(B) NOTICE IF REMOVAL NOT BY REQUEST.—If a consumer reporting agency removes a security freeze under subparagraph (A)(iii), the consumer reporting agency shall notify the protected consumer’s representative in writing prior to removing the security freeze.
	“(C) REMOVAL OF FREEZE BY REQUEST.—Except as provided in subparagraph (A)(iii), a security freeze shall remain in place until a protected consumer’s representative or protected consumer described in subparagraph (A)(ii) directly requests that the security freeze be removed. Upon receiving a direct request from the protected consumer’s representative or protecter consumer described in subparagraph (A)(ii) that a consumer reporting agency remove a security freeze, and upon receiving sufficient proof of identification and sufficient proof of authority, the consumer reporting agency shall, free of charge, remove the security freeze not later than—
		“(i) in the case of a request that is by toll-free telephone or secure electronic means, 1 hour after receiving the request for removal; or
		“(ii) in the case of a request that is by mail, 3 business days after receiving the request for removal.
	“(D) TEMPORARY REMOVAL OF SECURITY FREEZE.—Upon receiving a direct request from a protected consumer or a protected consumer’s representative under subparagraph (A)(i), if the protected consumer or protected consumer’s representative requests a temporary removal of a security freeze, the consumer reporting agency shall, in accordance with subparagraph (C), remove the security freeze for the period of time specified by the protected consumer or protected consumer’s representative.”.
(b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—Section 625(b)(1) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681t(b)(1)) is amended—
	(1) in subparagraph (H), by striking “or” at the end; and
	(2) by adding at the end the following:
		“(J) subsections (i) and (j) of section 605A relating to security freezes; or.”.
(c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date that is 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act.
15 USC 1681c-1 note.

SEC. 302. PROTECTING VETERANS’ CREDIT.

(a) PURPOSES.—The purposes of this section are—
	(1) to rectify problematic reporting of medical debt included in a consumer report of a veteran due to inappropriate or delayed payment for hospital care, medical services, or extended care services provided in a non-Department of Veterans Affairs facility under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; and
	(2) to clarify the process of debt collection for such medical debt.
(b) AMENDMENTS TO FAIR CREDIT REPORTING ACT.—