PUBLIC LAW 106-102—NOV. 12, 1999

113 STAT. 1473

Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902(2)), including any revision required by that section).

“SEC. 173. ESTABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM.

“The Administrator shall establish a microenterprise technical 15 USC 6902. assistance and capacity building grant program to provide assistance from the Administration in the form of grants to qualified organizations in accordance with this subtitle.

“SEC. 174. USES OF ASSISTANCE.

“A qualified organization shall use grants made under this 15 USC 6903. subtitle—

“(1) to provide training and technical assistance to disadvantaged entrepreneurs;

“(2) to provide training and capacity building services to microenterprise development organizations and programs and groups of such organizations to assist such organizations and programs in developing microenterprise training and services;

“(3) to aid in researching and developing the best practices in the field of microenterprise and technical assistance programs for disadvantaged entrepreneurs; and

“(4) for such other activities as the Administrator determines are consistent with the purposes of this subtitle.

“SEC. 175. QUALIFIED ORGANIZATIONS.

“For purposes of eligibility for assistance under this subtitle, 15 USC 6904. a qualified organization shall be—

“(1) a nonprofit microenterprise development organization or program (or a group or collaborative thereof) that has a demonstrated record of delivering microenterprise services to disadvantaged entrepreneurs;

“(2) an intermediary;

“(3) a microenterprise development organization or program that is accountable to a local community, working in conjunction with a State or local government or Indian tribe; or

“(4) an Indian tribe acting on its own, if the Indian tribe can certify that no private organization or program referred to in this paragraph exists within its jurisdiction.

“SEC. 176. ALLOCATION OF ASSISTANCE; SUBGRANTS.

“(a) ALLOCATION OF ASSISTANCE.— 15 USC 6905.

“(1) IN GENERAL.—The Administrator shall allocate assistance from the Administration under this subtitle to ensure that—

“(A) activities described in section 174(1) are funded using not less than 75 percent of amounts made available for such assistance; and

“(B) activities described in section 174(2) are funded using not less than 15 percent of amounts made available for such assistance.

“(2) LIMIT ON INDIVIDUAL ASSISTANCE.—No single person may receive more than 10 percent of the total funds appropriated under this subtitle in a single fiscal year.

“(b) TARGETED ASSISTANCE.—The Administrator shall ensure that not less than 50 percent of the grants made under this subtitle are used to benefit very low-income persons, including those residing on Indian reservations.

“(c) SUBGRANTS AUTHORIZED.—