113 STAT. 1464           PUBLIC LAW 106-102—NOV. 12, 1999

       ‘‘(ii) the consumer elects to continue in the manner 
    necessary to effect the transaction after receiving such 
    notice.
       ‘‘(D) DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of this paragraph, the 
    following definitions shall apply:
       ‘‘(i) AUTOMATED TELLER MACHINE OPERATOR.—The 
    term ‘automated teller machine operator’ means any 
    person who—
       ‘‘(I) operates an automated teller machine at 
    which consumers initiate electronic fund transfers; 
    and
       ‘‘(II) is not the financial institution that holds 
    the account of such consumer from which the 
    transfer is made.
       ‘‘(ii) ELECTRONIC FUND TRANSFER.—The term ‘elec-
    tronic fund transfer’ includes a transaction that 
    involves a balance inquiry initiated by a consumer 
    in the same manner as an electronic fund transfer, 
    whether or not the consumer initiates a transfer of 
    funds in the course of the transaction.
       ‘‘(iii) HOST TRANSFER SERVICES.—The term ‘host 
    transfer services’ means any electronic fund transfer 
    made by an automated teller machine operator in 
    connection with a transaction initiated by a consumer 
    at an automated teller machine operated by such oper-
    ator.’’.
    SEC. 703. DISCLOSURE OF POSSIBLE FEES TO CONSUMERS WHEN ATM 
                CARD IS ISSUED.
    Section 905(a) of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act (15 U.S.C.
    1693c(a)) is amended—
       (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (8);
       (2) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (9) 
    and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and
       (3) by inserting after paragraph (9) the following new para-
    graph:
       ‘‘(10) a notice to the consumer that a fee may be imposed 
    by—
       ‘‘(A) an automated teller machine operator (as defined 
    in section 904(d)(3)(D)(i)) if the consumer initiates a 
    transfer from an automated teller machine that is not 
    operated by the person issuing the card or other means 
    of access; and
       ‘‘(B) any national, regional, or local network utilized 
    to effect the transaction.’’.
    SEC. 704. FEASIBILITY STUDY.
       (a) IN GENERAL.—The Comptroller General of the United States 
    shall conduct a study of the feasibility of requiring, in connection 
    with any electronic fund transfer initiated by a consumer through 
    the use of an automated teller machine—
       (1) a notice to be provided to the consumer before the 
    consumer is irrevocably committed to completing the trans-
    action, which clearly states the amount of any fee that will 
    be imposed upon the consummation of the transaction by—
       (A) any automated teller machine operator (as defined 
    in section 904(d)(3)(D)(i) of the Electronic Fund Transfer 
    Act) involved in the transaction;