113 STAT. 1444             PUBLIC LAW 106-102—NOV. 12, 1999

transfer nonpublic personal information to a nonaffiliated
third party.
    (4) NONPUBLIC PERSONAL INFORMATION. —
        (A) The term "nonpublic personal information" means
    personally identifiable financial information —
            (i) provided by a consumer to a financial institu-
        tion;
            (ii) resulting from any transaction with the con-
        sumer or any service performed for the consumer; or
            (iii) otherwise obtained by the financial institution.
        (B) Such term does not include publicly available
    information, as such term is defined by the regulations
    prescribed under section 504.
        (C) Notwithstanding subparagraph (B), such term —
            (i) shall include any list, description, or other
        grouping of consumers (and publicly available informa-
        tion pertaining to them) that is derived using any
        nonpublic personal information other than publicly
        available information; but
            (ii) shall not include any list, description, or other
        grouping of consumers (and publicly available informa-
        tion pertaining to them) that is derived without using
        any nonpublic personal information.
   (5) NONAFFILIATED THIRD PARTY. — The term "nonaffiliated
third party" means any entity that is not an affiliate of, or
related by common ownership or affiliated by corporate control
with, the financial institution, but does not include a joint
employee of such institution.
   (6) AFFILIATE. — The term "affiliate" means any company
that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with another company.
   (7) NECESSARY TO EFFECT, ADMINISTER, OR ENFORCE. — The
term "as necessary to effect, administer, or enforce the trans-
action" means —
        (A) the disclosure is required, or is a usual, appropriate,
    or acceptable method, to carry out the transaction or the
    product or service business of which the transaction is
    a part, and record or service or maintain the consumer's
    account in the ordinary course of providing the financial
    service or financial product, or to administer or service
    benefits or claims relating to the transaction or the product
    or service business of which it is a part, and includes —
            (i) providing the consumer or the consumer's agent
        or broker with a confirmation, statement, or other
        record of the transaction, or information on the status
        or value of the financial service or financial product;
        and
            (ii) the accrual or recognition of incentives or
        bonuses associated with the transaction that are pro-
        vided by the financial institution or any other party;
        (B) the disclosure is required, or is one of the lawful
    or appropriate methods, to enforce the rights of the finan-
    cial institution or of other persons engaged in carrying
    out the financial transaction, or providing the product or
    service;
        (C) the disclosure is required, or is a usual, appropriate,
    or acceptable method, for insurance underwriting at the