113 STAT. 1368             PUBLIC LAW 106–102—NOV. 12, 1999

                                           12 USC 1831v.

    ‘‘SEC. 45. AUTHORITY OF STATE INSURANCE REGULATOR AND SECU-
                              RITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.
        ‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law,
    the provisions of—
            ‘‘(1) section 5(c) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956
        that limit the authority of the Board of Governors of the Federal
        Reserve System to require reports from, to make examinations
        of, or to impose capital requirements on holding companies
        and their functionally regulated subsidiaries or that require
        deference to other regulators;
            ‘‘(2) section 5(g) of the Bank Holding Company Act of
        1956 that limit the authority of the Board to require a function-
        ally regulated subsidiary of a holding company to provide cap-
        ital or other funds or assets to a depository institution sub-
        sidiary of the holding company and to take certain actions
        including requiring divestiture of the depository institution;
        and
            ‘‘(3) section 10A of the Bank Holding Company Act of
        1956 that limit whatever authority the Board might otherwise
        have to take direct or indirect action with respect to holding
        companies and their functionally regulated subsidiaries;
    shall also limit whatever authority that a Federal banking agency
    might otherwise have under any statute or regulation to require
    reports, make examinations, impose capital requirements, or take
    any other direct or indirect action with respect to any functionally
    regulated affiliate of a depository institution, subject to the same
    standards and requirements as are applicable to the Board under
    those provisions.
        ‘‘(b) CERTAIN EXEMPTION AUTHORIZED.—No provision of this
    section shall be construed as preventing the Corporation, if the
    Corporation finds it necessary to determine the condition of a
    depository institution for insurance purposes, from examining an
    affiliate of any depository institution, pursuant to section 10(b)(4),
    as may be necessary to disclose fully the relationship between
    the depository institution and the affiliate, and the effect of such
    relationship on the depository institution.
        ‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of this section, the following
    definitions shall apply:
            ‘‘(1) FUNCTIONALLY REGULATED SUBSIDIARY.—The term
        ‘functionally regulated subsidiary’ has the meaning given the
        term in section 5(c)(5) of the Bank Holding Company Act of
        1956.
            ‘‘(2) FUNCTIONALLY REGULATED AFFILIATE.—The term ‘func-
        tionally regulated affiliate’ means, with respect to any deposi-
        tory institution, any affiliate of such depository institution that
        is—
                ‘‘(A) not a depository institution holding company; and
                ‘‘(B) a company described in any clause of section
            5(c)(5)(B) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956.’’.

SEC. 113. ROLE OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL
                              RESERVE SYSTEM.
    The Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1841 et
seq.) is amended by inserting after section 10 the following new
section:
