113 STAT. 1468 PUBLIC LAW 106–102—NOV. 12, 1999

‘‘(A) MATERIAL FAILURE TO COMPLY.—If the party to 
an agreement described in subsection (a) that is not an 
insured depository institution or affiliate willfully fails to 
comply with this section in a material way, as determined 
by the appropriate Federal banking agency, the agreement 
shall be unenforceable after the offending party has been 
given notice and a reasonable period of time to perform 
or comply. 
‘‘(B) DIVERSION OF FUNDS OR RESOURCES.—If funds 
or resources received under an agreement described in 
subsection (a) have been diverted contrary to the purposes 
of the agreement for personal financial gain, the appro-
priate Federal banking agency with supervisory responsi-
bility over the insured depository institution may impose 
either or both of the following penalties: 
‘‘(i) Disgorgement by the offending individual of 
funds received under the agreement. 
‘‘(ii) Prohibition of the offending individual from 
being a party to any agreement described in subsection 
(a) for a period of not to exceed 10 years. 
‘‘(2) DESIGNATION OF SUCCESSOR NONGOVERNMENTAL 
PARTY.—If an agreement described in subsection (a) is found 
to be unenforceable under this subsection, the appropriate Fed-
eral banking agency may assist the insured depository institu-
tion in identifying a successor nongovernmental party to 
assume the responsibilities of the agreement.
‘‘(3) INADVERTENT OR DE MINIMIS REPORTING ERRORS.—An 
error in a report filed under subsection (c) that is inadvertent 
or de minimis shall not subject the filing party to any penalty. 
‘‘(g) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—No provision of this section shall 
be construed as authorizing any appropriate Federal banking 
agency to enforce the provisions of any agreement described in 
subsection (a). 
‘‘(h) REGULATIONS.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Each appropriate Federal banking 
agency shall prescribe regulations, in accordance with para-
graph (4), requiring procedures reasonably designed to ensure 
and monitor compliance with the requirements of this section. 
‘‘(2) PROTECTION OF PARTIES.—In carrying out paragraph 
(1), each appropriate Federal banking agency shall— 
‘‘(A) ensure that the regulations prescribed by the 
agency do not impose an undue burden on the parties 
and that proprietary and confidential information is pro-
tected; and 
‘‘(B) establish procedures to allow any nongovern-
mental entity or person who is a party to a large number 
of agreements described in subsection (a) to make a single 
or consolidated filing of a report under subsection (c) to 
an insured depository institution or an appropriate Federal 
banking agency. 
‘‘(3) PARTIES NOT SUBJECT TO REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.— 
The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System may 
prescribe regulations— 
‘‘(A) to prevent evasions of subsection (e)(1)(B)(iii); and 
‘‘(B) to provide further exemptions under such sub-
section, consistent with the purposes of this section.