PUBLIC LAW 106-102—NOV. 12, 1999           113 STAT. 1391

“(III) a syndicate of banks of which the bank 
is a member, if the obligations or pool of obligations 
consists of mortgage obligations or consumer-
related receivables.
‘‘(iv) IDENTIFIED BANKING PRODUCTS.—The bank 
buys or sells identified banking products, as defined 
in section 206 of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act.’’.

SEC. 203. REGISTRATION FOR SALES OF PRIVATE SECURITIES 
OFFERINGS.
Section 15A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 
78o–3) is amended by inserting after subsection (i) the following 
new subsection:
‘‘(j) REGISTRATION FOR SALES OF PRIVATE SECURITIES 
OFFERINGS.—A registered securities association shall create a lim-
ited qualification category for any associated person of a member 
who effects sales as part of a primary offering of securities not 
involving a public offering, pursuant to section 3(b), 4(2), or 4(6) 
of the Securities Act of 1933 and the rules and regulations there-
under, and shall deem qualified in such limited qualification cat-
egory, without testing, any bank employee who, in the six month 
period preceding the date of the enactment of the Gramm-Leach-
Bliley Act, engaged in effecting such sales.’’.

SEC. 204. INFORMATION SHARING.
Section 18 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act is amended 
by adding at the end the following new subsection:
‘‘(t) RECORDKEEPING REQUIREMENTS.—
‘‘(1) REQUIREMENTS.—Each appropriate Federal banking 
agency, after consultation with and consideration of the views 
of the Commission, shall establish recordkeeping requirements 
for banks relying on exceptions contained in paragraphs (4) 
and (5) of section 3(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
Such recordkeeping requirements shall be sufficient to demon-
strate compliance with the terms of such exceptions and 
be designed to facilitate compliance with such exceptions.
‘‘(2) AVAILABILITY TO COMMISSION; CONFIDENTIALITY.—Each 
appropriate Federal banking agency shall make any informa-
tion required under paragraph (1) available to the Commission 
upon request. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the 
Commission shall not be compelled to disclose any such 
information. Nothing in this paragraph shall authorize the 
Commission to withhold information from Congress, or prevent 
the Commission from complying with a request for information 
from any other Federal department or agency or any self- 
regulatory organization requesting the information for purposes 
within the scope of its jurisdiction, or complying with an order 
of a court of the United States in an action brought by the 
United States or the Commission. For purposes of section 552 
of title 5, United States Code, this paragraph shall be consid-
ered a statute described in subsection (b)(3)(B) of such section 
552.
‘‘(3) DEFINITION.—As used in this subsection the term 
‘Commission’ means the Securities and Exchange Commission.’’.

SEC. 205. TREATMENT OF NEW HYBRID PRODUCTS.
Section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 
78o) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: