113 STAT. 1474          PUBLIC LAW 106–102—NOV. 12, 1999

“(1) IN GENERAL.—A qualified organization receiving assistance under this subtitle may provide grants using that assistance to qualified small and emerging microenterprise organizations and programs, subject to such rules and regulations as the Administrator determines to be appropriate.
“(2) LIMIT ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES.—Not more than 7.5 percent of assistance received by a qualified organization under this subtitle may be used for administrative expenses in connection with the making of subgrants under paragraph (1).
“(d) DIVERSITY.—In making grants under this subtitle, the Administrator shall ensure that grant recipients include hard to serve and small microenterprise organizations, serving urban, rural, and Indian tribal communities serving diverse populations.
“(e) PROHIBITION ON PREFERENTIAL CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN SBA PROGRAM PARTICIPANTS.—In making grants under this subtitle, the Administrator shall ensure that any application made by a qualified organization that is a participant in the program established under section 7(m) of the Small Business Act does not receive preferential consideration over applications from other qualified organizations that are not participants in such program.

15 USC 6906.

“SEC. 177. MATCHING REQUIREMENTS.

“(a) IN GENERAL.—Financial assistance under this subtitle shall be matched with funds from sources other than the Federal Govern-
ment on the basis of not less than 50 percent of each dollar provided by the Administration.
“(b) SOURCES OF MATCHING FUNDS.—Fees, grants, gifts, funds from loan sources, and in-kind resources of a grant recipient from public or private sources may be used to comply with the matching requirement in subsection (a).
“(c) EXCEPTION.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—In the case of an applicant for assistance under this subtitle with severe constraints on available sources of matching funds, the Administrator may reduce or eliminate the matching requirements of subsection (a).
“(2) LIMITATION.—Not more than 10 percent of the total funds made available from the Administration in any fiscal year to carry out this subtitle may be exempted from the matching requirements of subsection (a), as authorized by paragraph (1) of this subsection.

15 USC 6907.

“SEC. 178. APPLICATIONS FOR ASSISTANCE.

“An application for assistance under this subtitle shall be submitted in such form and in accordance with such procedures as the Administrator shall establish.

15 USC 6908.

“SEC. 179. RECORDKEEPING. 

“The requirements of section 115 shall apply to a qualified organization receiving assistance from the Administration under this subtitle as if it were a community development financial institution receiving assistance from the Fund under subtitle A.

15 USC 6909.

“SEC. 180. AUTHORIZATION.

“In addition to funds otherwise authorized to be appropriated to the Fund to carry out this title, there are authorized to be appropriated to the Administrator to carry out this subtitle—
“(1) $15,000,000 for fiscal year 2000;