PUBLIC LAW 106-102—NOV. 12, 1999
                                                                                             113 STAT. 1411

applicable to the sale of insurance products that prohibit a deposi-
tory institution from engaging in any practice that would lead
a customer to believe an extension of credit, in violation of section
106(b) of the Bank Holding Company Act Amendments of 1970,
is conditional upon—
           ‘‘(1) the purchase of an insurance product from the institu-
tion or any of its affiliates; or
           ‘‘(2) an agreement by the consumer not to obtain, or a
prohibition on the consumer from obtaining, an insurance
product from an unaffiliated entity.
           ‘‘(c) DISCLOSURES AND ADVERTISING.—The regulations pre-
scribed pursuant to subsection (a) shall include the following provi-
sions relating to disclosure and advertising in connection with
the initial purchase of an insurance product:
                     ‘‘(1) DISCLOSURES.—
                               ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Requirements that the following
disclosures be made orally and in writing before the comple-
tion of the initial sale and, in the case of clause (iii),
at the time of application for an extension of credit:
                                     ‘‘(i) UNINSURED STATUS.—As appropriate, the
product is not insured by the Federal Deposit Insur-
ance Corporation, the United States Government, or
the depository institution.
                                     ‘‘(ii) INVESTMENT RISK.—In the case of a variable
annuity or other insurance product which involves an
investment risk, that there is an investment risk asso-
ciated with the product, including possible loss of value.
                                     ‘‘(iii) COERCION.—The approval of an extension of
credit may not be conditioned on—
                                                  ‘‘(I) the purchase of an insurance product from
the institution in which the application for credit
is pending or of any affiliate of the institution; 
or
                                                  ‘‘(II) an agreement by the consumer not to
obtain, or a prohibition on the consumer from
obtaining, an insurance product from an unaffili-
ated entity.
                               ‘‘(B) MAKING DISCLOSURE READILY UNDERSTANDABLE.—
Regulations prescribed under subparagraph (A) shall
encourage the use of disclosure that is conspicuous, simple,
direct, and readily understandable, such as the following:
                                     ‘‘(i) ‘NOT FDIC—INSURED’.
                                     ‘‘(ii) ‘NOT GUARANTEED BY THE BANK’.
                                     ‘‘(iii) ‘MAY GO DOWN IN VALUE’.
                                     ‘‘(iv) ‘NOT INSURED BY ANY GOVERNMENT
AGENCY’.
                               ‘‘(C) LIMITATION.—Nothing in this paragraph requires
the inclusion of the foregoing disclosures in advertisements
of a general nature describing or listing the services or
products offered by an institution.
                     ‘‘(D) MEANINGFUL DISCLOSURES.—Disclosures shall not
be considered to be meaningfully provided under this para-
graph if the institution or its representative states that
disclosures required by this subsection were available to
the customer in printed material available for distribution,
where such printed material is not provided and such
information is not orally disclosed to the customer.