113 STAT. 1440          PUBLIC LAW 106–102—NOV. 12, 1999

the other such agencies and authorities for the purposes of
assuring, to the extent possible, that the regulations prescribed
by each such agency and authority are consistent and com-
parable with the regulations prescribed by the other such agen-
cies and authorities.
   (3) PROCEDURES AND DEADLINE.—Such regulations shall
be prescribed in accordance with applicable requirements of
title 5, United States Code, and shall be issued in final form
not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of
this Act.
   (b) AUTHORITY TO GRANT EXCEPTIONS.—The regulations pre-
scribed under subsection (a) may include such additional exceptions
to subsections (a) through (d) of section 502 as are deemed con-
sistent with the purposes of this subtitle.

15 USC 6805.      SEC. 505. ENFORCEMENT.

   (a) IN GENERAL.—This subtitle and the regulations prescribed
thereunder shall be enforced by the Federal functional regulators,
the State insurance authorities, and the Federal Trade Commission
with respect to financial institutions and other persons subject
to their jurisdiction under applicable law, as follows:
   (1) Under section 8 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act,
in the case of—
      (A) national banks, Federal branches and Federal agen-
cies of foreign banks, and any subsidiaries of such entities
(except brokers, dealers, persons providing insurance,
investment companies, and investment advisers), by the
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency;
      (B) member banks of the Federal Reserve System
(other than national banks), branches and agencies of for-
eign banks (other than Federal branches, Federal agencies,
and insured State branches of foreign banks), commercial
lending companies owned or controlled by foreign banks,
organizations operating under section 25 or 25A of the
Federal Reserve Act, and bank holding companies and their
nonbank subsidiaries or affiliates (except brokers, dealers,
persons providing insurance, investment companies, and
investment advisers), by the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System;
      (C) banks insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (other than members of the Federal Reserve
System), insured State branches of foreign banks, and any
subsidiaries of such entities (except brokers, dealers, per-
sons providing insurance, investment companies, and
investment advisers), by the Board of Directors of the Fed-
eral Deposit Insurance Corporation; and
      (D) savings associations the deposits of which are
insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and
any subsidiaries of such savings associations (except bro-
kers, dealers, persons providing insurance, investment
companies, and investment advisers), by the Director of
the Office of Thrift Supervision.
   (2) Under the Federal Credit Union Act, by the Board
of the National Credit Union Administration with respect to
any federally insured credit union, and any subsidiaries of
such an entity.