PUBLIC LAW 106-102—NOV. 12, 1999 113 STAT. 1361

    “(ii) submitted a plan to the Board for approval to cease the activity or correct the condition in a timely manner (which shall not exceed 1 year); and
    “(B) implemented procedures that are reasonably adapted to avoid the reoccurrence of such condition or activity.”.
    (f) FOREIGN BANK SUBSIDIARIES OF LIMITED PURPOSE CREDIT
CARD BANKS.—Section 4(f) of the Bank Holding Company Act of
1956 (12 U.S.C. 1843(f)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
    ‘‘(14) FOREIGN BANK SUBSIDIARIES OF LIMITED PURPOSE 
CREDIT CARD BANKS.—
        ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—An institution described in section
    2(c)(2)(F) may control a foreign bank if—
        ‘‘(i) the investment of the institution in the foreign 
    bank meets the requirements of section 25 or 25A 
    of the Federal Reserve Act and the foreign bank quali-
    fies under such sections;
        ‘‘(ii) the foreign bank does not offer any products 
    or services in the United States; and
        ‘‘(iii) the activities of the foreign bank are permis-
    sible under otherwise applicable law.
        ‘‘(B) OTHER LIMITATIONS INAPPLICABLE.—The limita-
    tions contained in any clause of section 2(c)(2)(F) shall 
    not apply to a foreign bank described in subparagraph
    (A) that is controlled by an institution described in such 
    section.’’.
 
SEC. 108. USE OF SUBORDINATED DEBT TO PROTECT FINANCIAL 12 USC 4801
SYSTEM AND DEPOSIT FUNDS FROM “TOO BIG TO FAIL” note.
INSTITUTIONS.
     (a) STUDY REQUIRED.—The Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System and the Secretary of the Treasury shall conduct
a study of—
         (1) the feasibility and appropriateness of establishing a 
    requirement that, with respect to large insured depository 
    institutions and depository institution holding companies the 
    failure of which could have serious adverse effects on economic
    conditions or financial stability, such institutions and holding 
    companies maintain some portion of their capital in the form 
    of subordinated debt in order to bring market forces and market 
    discipline to bear on the operation of, and the assessment 
    of the viability of, such institutions and companies and reduce
    the risk to economic conditions, financial stability, and any 
    deposit insurance fund;
         (2) if such requirement is feasible and appropriate, the -
    appropriate amount or percentage of capital that should be 
    subordinated debt consistent with such purposes; and
         (3) the manner in which any such requirement could be 
    incorporated into existing capital standards and other issues 
    relating to the transition to such a requirement.
     (b) REPORT.—Before the end of the 18-month period beginning 
on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Board of Governors 
of the Federal Reserve System and the Secretary of the Treasury 
shall submit a report to the Congress containing the findings and 
conclusions of the Board and the Secretary in connection with