PUBLIC LAW 106–102—NOV. 12, 1999
                                              113 STAT. 1429
              (ii) upon such date as the NAIC shall for good 
              cause determine.
                         (B) ABROGATION BY THE NAIC.—
                           (i) IN GENERAL.—At any time within 60 days after 
                           the date of filing of any proposed rule or amendment 
                           under subparagraph (A)(i) or clause (ii) of this subpara-
                           graph, the NAIC may repeal such rule or amendment 
                           and require that the rule or amendment be refiled 
                           and reviewed in accordance with this paragraph, if 
                           the NAIC finds that such action is necessary or appro-
                           priate in the public interest, for the protection of insur-
                           ance producers or policyholders, or otherwise in fur-
                           therance of the purposes of this subtitle.
                             (ii) EFFECT OF RECONSIDERATION BY THE NAIC.—
                               Any action of the NAIC pursuant to clause (i) shall—
                                 (I) not affect the validity or force of a rule 
                                 change during the period such rule or amendment 
                                 was in effect; and
                                 (II) not be considered to be a final action.
                        (C) ACTION REQUIRED BY THE NAIC.—The NAIC may, in accord-
                          ance with such rules as the NAIC determines to be necessary 
                          or appropriate to the public interest or to carry out the purposes 
                          of this subtitle, require the Association to adopt, amend, or repeal 
                          any bylaw, rule, or amendment of the Association, whenever 
                          adopted. 
      (d) DISCIPLINARY ACTION BY THE ASSOCIATION.—
             (1) SPECIFICATION OF CHARGES.—In any proceeding to 
             determine whether membership shall be denied, suspended, 
             revoked, or not renewed (hereafter in this section referred 
             to as a ‘‘disciplinary action’’), the Association shall bring specific 
             charges, notify such member of such charges, give the member 
             an opportunity to defend against the charges, and keep a record. 
             (2) SUPPORTING STATEMENT.—A determination to take dis- 
             ciplinary action shall be supported by a statement setting 
             forth—
               (A) any act or practice in which such member has 
               been found to have been engaged;
               (B) the specific provision of this subtitle, the rules 
               or regulations under this subtitle, or the rules of the 
               Association which any such act or practice is deemed to 
               violate; and
               (C) the sanction imposed and the reason for such sanc- 
               tion.
      (e) NAIC REVIEW OF DISCIPLINARY ACTION.—
             (1) NOTICE TO THE NAIC.—If the Association orders any 
             disciplinary action, the Association shall promptly notify the 
             NAIC of such action. 
             (2) REVIEW BY THE NAIC.—Any disciplinary action taken 
             by the Association shall be subject to review by the NAIC—
               (A) on the NAIC’s own motion; or
               (B) upon application by any person aggrieved by such 
               action if such application is filed with the NAIC not more 
               than 30 days after the later of—
                  (i) the date the notice was filed with the NAIC 
                  pursuant to paragraph (1); or
                  (ii) the date the notice of the disciplinary action 
                  was received by such aggrieved person.
Notification. 
Records.