PUBLIC LAW 106-102—NOV. 12, 1999                          113 STAT. 1469

        "(4) COORDINATION, CONSISTENCY, AND COMPARABILITY.—
        In carrying out paragraph (1), each appropriate Federal
        banking agency shall consult and coordinate with the other
        such agencies for the purposes of assuring, to the extent pos-
        sible, that the regulations prescribed by each such agency are
        consistent and comparable with the regulations prescribed by
        the other such agencies.".
        
SEC. 712. SMALL BANK REGULATORY RELIEF.

        The Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 (12 U.S.C. 2901
        et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section:
        
        "SEC. 809. SMALL BANK REGULATORY RELIEF.

        "(a) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in subsections (b) and
        (c), any regulated financial institution with aggregate assets of
        not more than $250,000,000 shall be subject to routine examination
        under this title—
        "(1) not more than once every 60 months for an institution
        that has achieved a rating of 'outstanding record of meeting
        community credit needs' at its most recent examination under
        section 804;
        "(2) not more than once every 48 months for an institution
        that has received a rating of 'satisfactory record of meeting
        community credit needs' at its most recent examination under
        section 804; and
        "(3) as deemed necessary by the appropriate Federal finan-
        cial supervisory agency, for an institution that has received
        a rating of less than 'satisfactory record of meeting community
        credit needs' at its most recent examination under section 804.
        "(b) NO EXCEPTION FROM CRA EXAMINATIONS IN CONNECTION
        WITH APPLICATIONS FOR DEPOSIT FACILITIES.—A regulated financial
        institution described in subsection (a) shall remain subject to exam-
        ination under this title in connection with an application for a
        deposit facility.
        "(c) DISCRETION.—A regulated financial institution described
        in subsection (a) may be subject to more frequent or less frequent
        examinations for reasonable cause under such circumstances as
        may be determined by the appropriate Federal financial supervisory
        agency.".
        
SEC. 713. FEDERAL RESERVE BOARD STUDY OF CRA LENDING.

        The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall
        conduct a comprehensive study, in consultation with the Chairman
        and Ranking Member of the Committee on Banking and Financial
        Services of the House of Representatives and the Chairman and
        Ranking Member of the Committee on Banking, Housing, and
        Urban Affairs of the Senate, of the Community Reinvestment Act
        of 1977, which shall focus on—
        (1) the default rates;
        (2) the delinquency rates; and
        (3) the profitability;
        of loans made in conformity with such Act, and report on the
        study to such Committees not later than March 15, 2000. Such
        report and supporting data shall also be made available by the
        Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System to the public.