PUBLIC LAW 106–102—NOV. 12, 1999

113 STAT. 1445

consumer’s request or for reinsurance purposes, or for any of the following purposes as they relate to a consumer’s insurance: Account administration, reporting, investigating, or preventing fraud or material misrepresentation, processing premium payments, processing insurance claims, administering insurance benefits (including utilization review activities), participating in research projects, or as otherwise required or specifically permitted by Federal or State law; or
(D) the disclosure is required, or is a usual, appropriate or acceptable method, in connection with—
(i) the authorization, settlement, billing, processing, clearing, transferring, reconciling, or collection of amounts charged, debited, or otherwise paid using a debit, credit or other payment card, check, or account number, or by other payment means;
(ii) the transfer of receivables, accounts or interests therein; or
(iii) the audit of debit, credit or other payment information.
(8) STATE INSURANCE AUTHORITY.—The term “State insurance authority’’ means, in the case of any person engaged in providing insurance, the State insurance authority of the State in which the person is domiciled.
(9) CONSUMER.—The term ‘‘consumer’’ means an individual who obtains, from a financial institution, financial products or services which are to be used primarily for personal, family, or household purposes, and also means the legal representative of such an individual.
(10) JOINT AGREEMENT.—The term ‘‘joint agreement’’ means a formal written contract pursuant to which two or more financial institutions jointly offer, endorse, or sponsor a financial product or service, and as may be further defined in the regulations prescribed under section 504.
(11) CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP.—The term ‘‘time of establishing a customer relationship’’ shall be defined by the regulations prescribed under section 504, and shall, in the case of a financial institution engaged in extending credit directly to consumers to finance purchases of goods or services, mean the time of establishing the credit relationship with the consumer.
Regulations.

SEC. 510. EFFECTIVE DATE.
This subtitle shall take effect 6 months after the date on which rules are required to be prescribed under section 504(a)(3), except—
(1) to the extent that a later date is specified in the rules prescribed under section 504; and
(2) that sections 504 and 506 shall be effective upon enactment.

15 USC 6801 note.