113 STAT. 1472		  PUBLIC LAW 106-102—NOV. 12, 1999

15 USC 6901.        

"SEC. 172. DEFINITIONS.

     “For purposes of this subtitle, the following definitions shall apply:
        “(1) ADMINISTRATION.—The term ‘Administration’ means the Small Business Administration.
        “(2) ADMINISTRATOR.—The term ‘Administrator’ means the Administrator of the Small Business Administration.
        “(3) CAPACITY BUILDING SERVICES.—The term ‘capacity building services’ means services provided to an organization that is, or that is in the process of becoming, a microenterprise development organization or program, for the purpose of enhancing its ability to provide training and services to disadvantaged entrepreneurs.
        “(4) COLLABORATIVE.—The term ‘collaborative’ means 2 or more nonprofit entities that agree to act jointly as a qualified organization under this subtitle.
        “(5) DISADVANTAGED ENTREPRENEUR.—The term ‘disadvantaged entrepreneur’ means a microentrepreneur that is—
       “(A) a low-income person;
       “(B) a very low-income person; or
       “(C) an entrepreneur that lacks adequate access to capital or other resources essential for business success, or is economically disadvantaged, as determined by the Administrator.
        “(6) INDIAN TRIBE.—The term ‘Indian tribe’ has the meaning given the term in section 103.
        “(7) INTERMEDIARY.—The term ‘intermediary’ means a private, nonprofit entity that seeks to serve microenterprise development organizations and programs as authorized under section 175.
        “(8) LOW-INCOME PERSON.—The term ‘low-income person’ has the meaning given the term in section 103.
        “(9) MICROENTREPRENEUR.—The term ‘microentrepreneur’ means the owner or developer of a microenterprise.
       “(10) MICROENTERPRISE.—The term ‘microenterprise’ means a sole proprietorship, partnership, or corporation that—
        “(A) has fewer than 5 employees; and
        “(B) generally lacks access to conventional loans, equity, or other banking services.
       “(11) MICROENTERPRISE DEVELOPMENT ORGANIZATION OR PROGRAM.—The term ‘microenterprise development organization or program’ means a nonprofit entity, or a program administered by such an entity, including community development corporations or other nonprofit development organizations and social service organizations, that provides services to disadvantaged entrepreneurs.
       “(12) TRAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE.—The term ‘training and technical assistance’ means services and support provided to disadvantaged entrepreneurs, such as assistance for the purpose of enhancing business planning, marketing, management, financial management skills, and assistance for the purpose of accessing financial services.
       “(13) VERY LOW-INCOME PERSON.—The term ‘very low-income person’ means having an income, adjusted for family size, of not more than 150 percent of the poverty line (as defined in section 673(2) of the Community Services Block