113 STAT. 1356		PUBLIC LAW 106–102—NOV. 12, 1999

     (xiii) Restrictions requiring maintenance of separate and distinct books and records relating to insurance transactions, including all files relating to and reflecting consumer complaints, and requiring that such insurance books and records be made available to the appropriate State insurance regulator for inspection upon reasonable notice.
     (C) LIMITATIONS.—
     (i) OCC DEFERENCE.—Section 304(e) does not apply with respect to any State statute, regulation, order, interpretation, or other action regarding insurance 
sales, solicitation, or cross marketing activities described in subparagraph (A) that was issued, adopted, or enacted before September 3, 1998, and that is not described in subparagraph (B).
     (ii) NONDISCRIMINATION.—Subsection (e) does not apply with respect to any State statute, regulation, order, interpretation, or other action regarding insurance sales, solicitation, or cross marketing activities 
described in subparagraph (A) that was issued, adopted, or enacted before September 3, 1998, and that is not described in subparagraph (B).
     (iii) CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed—
          (I) to limit the applicability of the decision of the Supreme Court in Barnett Bank of Marion County N.A. v. Nelson, 517 U.S. 25 (1996) with respect to any State statute, regulation, order, interpretation, or other action that is not referred to or described in subparagraph (B); or
          (II) to create any inference with respect to any State statute, regulation, order, interpretation, or other action that is not described in this paragraph.

     (3) INSURANCE ACTIVITIES OTHER THAN SALES.—State statutes, regulations, interpretations, orders, and other actions shall not be preempted under paragraph (1) to the extent that they—
         (A) relate to, or are issued, adopted, or enacted for the purpose of regulating the business of insurance in accordance with the Act entitled “An Act to express the intent of Congress with reference to the regulation of the business of insurance” and approved March 9, 1945 (15 U.S.C. 1011 et seq.) (commonly referred to as the “McCarran-Ferguson Act”);
         (B) apply only to persons that are not depository institutions, but that are directly engaged in the business of insurance (except that they may apply to depository institutions engaged in providing savings bank life insurance as principal to the extent of regulating such insurance);
         (C) do not relate to or directly or indirectly regulate insurance sales, solicitations, or cross marketing activities; and
         (D) are not prohibited under subsection (e).