PUBLIC LAW 106-102—NOV. 12, 1999

113 STAT. 1413

than a one-time nominal fee of a fixed dollar amount for each referral that does not depend on whether the referral results in a transaction.

"(C) QUALIFICATION AND LICENSING REQUIREMENTS.— Standards prohibiting any depository institution from permitting any person to sell or offer for sale any insurance product in any part of any office of the institution, or on behalf of the institution, unless such person is appropriately qualified and licensed.

"(e) DOMESTIC VIOLENCE DISCRIMINATION PROHIBITION.—

"(1) IN GENERAL.—In the case of an applicant for, or an insured under, any insurance product described in paragraph (2), the status of the applicant or insured as a victim of domestic violence, or as a provider of services to victims of domestic violence, shall not be considered as a criterion in any decision with regard to insurance underwriting, pricing, renewal, or scope of coverage of insurance policies, or payment of insurance claims, except as required or expressly permitted under State law.

"(2) SCOPE OF APPLICATION.—The prohibition contained in paragraph (1) shall apply to any life or health insurance product which is sold or offered for sale, as principal, agent, or broker, by any depository institution or any person who is engaged in such activities at an office of the institution or on behalf of the institution.

"(3) DOMESTIC VIOLENCE DEFINED.—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘domestic violence’ means the occurrence of one or more of the following acts by a current or former family member, household member, intimate partner, or caretaker:

"(A) Attempting to cause or causing or threatening another person physical harm, severe emotional distress, psychological trauma, rape, or sexual assault.

"(B) Engaging in a course of conduct or repeatedly committing acts toward another person, including following the person without proper authority, under circumstances that place the person in reasonable fear of bodily injury or physical harm.

"(C) Subjecting another person to false imprisonment.

"(D) Attempting to cause or cause damage to property so as to intimidate or attempt to control the behavior of another person.

"(f) CONSUMER GRIEVANCE PROCESS.—The Federal banking Establishment. agencies shall jointly establish a consumer complaint mechanism, for receiving and expeditiously addressing consumer complaints alleging a violation of regulations issued under the section, which shall—

"(1) establish a group within each regulatory agency to receive such complaints;

"(2) develop procedures for investigating such complaints;

"(3) develop procedures for informing consumers of rights they may have in connection with such complaints; and

"(4) develop procedures for addressing concerns raised by such complaints, as appropriate, including procedures for the recovery of losses to the extent appropriate.

"(g) EFFECT ON OTHER AUTHORITY.—