113 STAT. 1406        PUBLIC LAW 106–102—NOV. 12, 1999

the same meanings as given in section 2 of the Bank
Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1841).

“(D) The term ‘insured bank’ has the same meaning
as given in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Act.

“(E) The term ‘foreign bank’ has the same meaning
as given in section 1(b)(7) of the International Banking
Act of 1978.

“(F) The terms ‘person associated with an investment
bank holding company’ and ‘associated person of an invest-
ment bank holding company’ mean any person directly
or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common
control with, an investment bank holding company.

“(j) AUTHORITY TO LIMIT DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION.—Not-
withstanding any other provision of law, the Commission shall
not be compelled to disclose any information required to be reported
under subsection (h) or (i) or any information supplied to the
Commission by any domestic or foreign regulatory agency that
relates to the financial or operational condition of any associated
person of a broker or dealer, investment bank holding company,
or any affiliate of an investment bank holding company. Nothing
in this subsection shall authorize the Commission to withhold
information from Congress, or prevent the Commission from com-
plying with a request for information from any other Federal depart-
ment or agency or any self-regulatory organization requesting the
information for purposes within the scope of its jurisdiction, or
complying with an order of a court of the United States in
an action brought by the United States or the Commission. For pur-
poses of section 552 of title 5, United States Code, this subsection
shall be considered a statute described in subsection (b)(3)(B) of
such section 552. In prescribing regulations to carry out the require-
ments of this subsection, the Commission shall designate informa-
tion described in or obtained pursuant to subparagraphs (A), (B),
and (C) of subsection (i)(5) as confidential information for purposes
of section 24(b)(2) of this title.”.

(b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.—
(1) Section 3(a)(34) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(34)) is amended by adding at the end the
following new subparagraph:

“(H) When used with respect to an institution described
in subparagraph (D), (F), or (G) of section 2(c)(2), or held
under section 4(f), of the Bank Holding Company Act of
1956—

“(i) the Comptroller of the Currency, in the case
of a national bank or a bank in the District of Columbia
examined by the Comptroller of the Currency;
“(ii) the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System, in the case of a State member bank of the
Federal Reserve System or any corporation chartered
under section 25A of the Federal Reserve Act;
“(iii) the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation,
in the case of any other bank the deposits of which
are insured in accordance with the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act; or
“(iv) the Commission in the case of all other such
institutions.”.