113 STAT. 1476           PUBLIC LAW 106-102—NOV. 12, 1999

                                  (c)  REPORT TO THE CONGRESS.—Before the end of the 1-year
                     period beginning on the date of the enactment of the Act, the
                     Comptroller General shall submit a report to the Congress con-
                     taining the findings and conclusions of the Comptroller General
                     in connection with the study required under this section, together
                     with such recommendations for such legislative or administrative
                     actions as the Comptroller General may determine to be appro-
                     priate, including recommendations for resolving any such conflict
                     of interest.

                                            SEC. 729. STUDY AND REPORT ON ADAPTING EXISTING LEGISLATIVE
                                                  REQUIREMENTS TO ONLINE BANKING AND LENDING.
                     12 USC 4801         (a)  STUDY REQUIRED.—The Federal banking agencies shall con-
                     note.                     duct a study of banking regulations regarding the delivery of finan-
                                              cial services, including those regulations that may assume that
                                              there will be person-to-person contact during the course of a finan-
                                              cial services transaction, and report their recommendations on
                                              adapting those existing requirements to online banking and lending.
                             (b)  REPORT REQUIRED.—Before the end of the 2-year period
                     beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal
                     banking agencies shall submit a report to the Congress on the
                     findings and conclusions of the agencies with respect to the study
                     required under subsection (a), together with such recommendations
                     for legislative or regulatory action as the agencies may determine
                     to be appropriate.
                                (c)  DEFINITION.—For purposes of this section, the term “Federal
                      banking agencies” means each Federal banking agency, as defined
                      in section 3(z) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act).

                                                  SEC. 730. CLARIFICATION OF SOURCE OF STRENGTH DOCTRINE.
                                    Section 18 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C.
                     1828) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection:
                                “(t) LIMITATION ON CLAIMS.—
                     “(1) IN GENERAL.—No person may bring a claim against 
                      any Federal banking agency (including in its capacity as con- 
                       servator or receiver) for the return of assets of an affiliate or
                       controlling shareholder of the insured depository institution
                       transferred to, or for the benefit of, an insured depository 
                       institution by such affiliate or controlling shareholder of the
                       insured depository institution, or a claim against such Federal
                       banking agency for monetary damages or other legal or equi-
                       table relief in connection with such transfer, if at the time
                       of the transfer—
                                                    “(A) the insured depository institution is subject to
                                 any direction issued in writing by a Federal banking agency
                                 to increase its capital; 
                                                    “(B) the insured depository institution is undercapital-
                                 ized (as defined in section 38 of this Act); and 
                                                    “(C) for that portion of the transfer that is made by
                                 an entity covered by section 5(g) of the Bank Holding
                                 Company Act of 1956 or section 45 of this Act, the Federal
                                 banking agency has followed the procedure set forth in
                                 such section.
                            “(2) DEFINITION OF CLAIM.—For purposes of paragraph (1),
                         the term ‘claim’—
                                                     “(A) means a cause of action based on Federal or State
                                law that—