to State, Territorial, county, municipal, or local taxation to the same extent according to its value as other real property is taxed.

“SEC. 16. In order that the Corporation may be supplied with such forms of notes, debentures, bonds, or other such obligations as it may need for issuance under this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to prepare such forms as shall be suitable and approved by the Corporation, to be held in the Treasury subject to delivery, upon order of the Corporation. The engraved plates, dies, bed pieces, and other material executed in connection therewith shall remain in the custody of the Secretary of the Treasury. The Corporation shall reimburse the Secretary of the Treasury for any expenses incurred in the preparation, custody, and delivery of such notes, debentures, bonds, or other such obligations.

“SEC. 17. (a) The Corporation shall annually make a report of its operations to the Congress as soon as practicable after the 1st day of January in each year.

“(b) The financial transactions of the Corporation shall be audited by the General Accounting Office in accordance with the principles and procedures applicable to commercial corporate transactions and under such rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the Comptroller General of the United States. The audit shall be conducted at the place or places where accounts of the Corporation are normally kept. The representatives of the General Accounting Office shall have access to all books, accounts, records, reports, files, and all other papers, things, or property belonging to or in use by the Corporation pertaining to its financial transactions and necessary to facilitate the audit, and they shall be afforded full facilities for verifying transactions with the balances or securities held by depositaries, fiscal agents, and custodians. All such books, accounts, records, reports, files, papers, and property of the Corporation shall remain in possession and custody of the Corporation. The audit shall begin with financial transactions occurring on and after August 31, 1948.

“(c) A report of the audit for each fiscal year ending on June 30 shall be made by the Comptroller General to the Congress not later than January 15 following the close of such fiscal year. On or before December 15 following such fiscal year the Comptroller General shall furnish the Corporation a short form report showing the financial position of the Corporation at the close of the fiscal year. The report to the Congress shall set forth the scope of the audit and shall include a statement of assets and liabilities and surplus or deficit; a statement of surplus or deficit analysis; a statement of income and expenses; a statement of sources and application of funds and such comments and information as may be deemed necessary to inform Congress of the financial operations and condition of the Corporation, together with such recommendations with respect thereto as the Comptroller General may deem advisable. The report shall also show specifically any program, expenditure, or other financial transaction or undertaking observed in the course of the audit, which, in the opinion of the Comptroller General, has been carried on or made without authority of law. A copy of each report shall be furnished to the President, to the Secretary of the Treasury, and to the Corporation at the time submitted to the Congress.