[PUBLIC LAW 797—81ST CONGRESS]
[CHAPTER 967—2D SESSION]
[S. 2822]
AN ACT
To amend the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (U. S. C.; title 12, sec. 264).

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That section 12B of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, is hereby withdrawn as a part of that Act and is made a separate Act to be known as the "Federal Deposit Insurance Act”.
SEC. 2. The Federal Deposit Insurance Act is amended to read as follows:
“SEC. 1. There is hereby created a Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Corporation’) which shall insure, as hereinafter provided, the deposits of all banks which are entitled to the benefits of insurance under this Act, and which shall have the powers hereinafter granted.
“SEC. 2. The management of the Corporation shall be vested in a Board of Directors consisting of three members, one of whom shall be the Comptroller of the Currency, and two of whom shall be citizens of the United States to be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. One of the appointive members shall be the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Corporation and not more than two of the members of such Board of Directors shall be members of the same political party. Each such appointive member shall hold office for a term of six years. In the event of a vacancy in the office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and pending the appointment of his successor, or during the absence of the Comptroller from Washington, the Acting Comptroller of the Currency shall be a member of the Board of Directors in the place and stead of the Comptroller. In the event of a vacancy in the office of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, and pending the appointment of his successor, the Comptroller of the Currency shall act as Chairman. The members of the Board of Directors shall be ineligible during the time they are in office and for two years thereafter to hold any office, position, or employment in any insured bank, except that this restriction shall not apply to any member who has served the full term for which he was appointed. No member of the Board of Directors shall be an officer or director of any insured bank or Federal Reserve bank or hold stock in any insured bank; and before entering upon his duties as a member of the Board of Directors he shall certify under oath that he has complied with this requirement and such certification shall be filed with the secretary of the Board of Directors.
“SEC. 3. As used in this Act—
“(a) The term ‘State bank’ means any bank, banking association, trust company, savings bank, or other banking institution which is
