[Pub. Law 797.]

funds as herein defined, the Corporation shall notify the banking institution that its insured status will terminate at the expiration of the first full semiannual assessment period following such notice. A finding by the Board of Directors that a banking institution is not engaged in the business of receiving deposits, other than such trust funds, shall be conclusive. The Board of Directors shall prescribe the notice to be given by the banking institution of such termination and the Corporation may publish notice thereof. Upon the termination of the insured status of any such banking institution, its deposits shall thereupon cease to be insured and the banking institution shall thereafter be relieved of all future obligations to the Corporation, including the obligation to pay future assessments.

"(d) Whenever the liabilities of an insured bank for deposits shall have been assumed by another insured bank or banks, the insured status of the bank whose liabilities are so assumed shall terminate on the date of receipt by the Corporation of satisfactory evidence of such assumption with like affect as if its insured status had been terminated on said date by the Board of Directors after proceedings under subsection (a) of this section : Provided, That if the bank whose liabilities are so assumed gives to its depositors notice of such assumption within thirty days after such assumption takes effect, by publication or by any reasonable means, in accordance with regulations to be prescribed by the Board of Directors, the insurance of its deposits shall terminate at the end of six months from the date such assumption takes effect. Such bank shall be subject to the duties and obligations of an insured bank for the period its deposits are insured : Provided, That if the deposits are assumed by a newly insured bank, the bank whose deposits are assumed shall not be required to pay any assessment upon the deposits which have been so assumed the semiannual period in which the assumption takes effect.

"Sec. 9. Upon the date of enactment of the Banking Act of 1933, the Corporation shall become a body corporate and as such shall have power--
"First. To adopt and use a corporate seal.
"Second. To have succession until dissolved by an Act of Congress.
"Third. To make contracts.
"Fourth. To sue and be sued, complain and defend, in any court of law or equity, State or Federal. All suits of a civil nature at common law or in equity to which the Corporation shall be a party shall be deemed to arise under the laws of the United States : Provided, That any such suit to which the Corporation is a party in its capacity as receiver of a State bank and which involves only the rights or obligations of depositors, creditors, stockholders, and such State bank under State law shall not be deemed to arise under the laws of the United States. No attachment or execution shall be issued against the Corporation or its property before final judgment in any suit, action, or proceeding in any State, county, municipal, or United States court. The Board of Directors shall designate an agent upon whom service of process may be made in any State, Territory, or jurisdiction in which any insured bank is located.
"Fifth. To appoint by its Board of Directors such officers and employees as are not otherwise provided for in this Act, to define their duties, fix their compensation, require bonds of them and fix the