[PUBLIC LAW 797]

16

existing provisions of law relating to the organization of national banking associations. The new bank may, with the approval of the Corporation, accept new deposits which shall be subject to withdrawal on demand and which, except where the new bank is the only bank in the community, shall not exceed $10,000 from any depositor. The new bank, without application to or approval by the Corporation, shall be an insured bank and shall maintain on deposit with the Federal Reserve bank of its district reserves in the amount required by law for member banks, but it shall not be required to subscribe for stock of the Federal Reserve bank. Funds of the new bank shall be kept on hand in cash, invested in obligations of the United States, or in obligations guaranteed as to principal and interest by the United States, or deposited with the Corporation, with a Federal Reserve bank, or, to the extent of the insurance coverage thereon, with an insured bank. The new bank, unless otherwise authorized by the Comptroller of the Currency, shall transact no business except that authorized by this Act and as may be incidental to its organization. Notwithstanding any other provision of law the new bank, its franchise, property, and income shall be exempt from all taxation now or hereafter imposed by the United States, by any Territory, dependency, or possession thereof, or by any State, county, municipality, or local taxing authority.

“(j) Upon the organization of a new bank, the Corporation shall promptly make available to it an amount equal to the estimated insured deposits of such closed bank plus the estimated amount of the expenses of operating the new bank, and shall determine as soon as possible the amount due each depositor for his insured deposit in the closed bank, and the total expenses of operation of the new bank. Upon such determination, the amounts so estimated and made available shall be adjusted to conform to the amounts so determined. Earnings of the new bank shall be paid over or credited to the Corporation in such adjustment. If any new bank, during the period it continues its status as such, sustains any losses with respect to which it is not effectively protected except by reason of being an insured bank, the Corporation shall furnish to it additional funds in the amount of such losses. The new bank shall assume as transferred deposits the payment of the insured deposits of such closed bank to each of its depositors. Of the amounts so made available, the Corporation shall transfer to the new bank, in cash, such sums as may be necessary to enable it to meet its expenses of operation and immediate cash demands on such transferred deposits, and the remainder of such amounts shall be subject to withdrawal by the new bank on demand.

(k) Whenever in the judgment of the Board of Directors it is desirable to do so, the Corporation shall cause capital stock of the new bank to be offered for sale on such terms and conditions as the Board of Directors shall deem advisable in an amount sufficient, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, to make possible the conduct of the business of the new bank on a sound basis, but in no event less than that required by section 5138 of the Revised Statutes, as amended (U.S. C. title 12, sec. 51), for the organization of a national bank in the place where such new bank is located. The stockholders of the closed insured bank shall be given the first opportunity to purchase any shares of common stock so offered. Upon proof that an adequate

Digitized for FRASER
http://fraser.stlouisfed.org/
Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis