[Pub. Law 797.]
                                                                           22

(d) For the purpose of conducting such audit the Comptroller General is authorized in his discretion to employ by contract, without regard to section 3709 of the Revised Statutes, professional services of firms and organizations of certified public accountants, with the concurrence of the Corporation, for temporary periods or for special purposes. The Corporation shall reimburse the General Accounting Office for the cost of any such audit as billed therefor by the Comptroller General, and the General Accounting Office shall deposit the sums so reimbursed into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts. 

SEC. 18. (a) Every insured bank shall display at each place of business maintained by it a sign or signs, and shall include a statement to the effect that its deposits are insured by the Corporation in all of its advertisements: Provided, That the Board of Directors may exempt from this requirement advertisements which do not relate to deposits or when it is impractical to include such statement therein. The Board of Directors shall prescribe by regulation the forms of such signs and the manner of display and the substance of such statements and the manner of use. For each day an insured bank continues to violate any provisions of this subsection or any lawful provisions of said regulations, it shall be subject to a penalty of not more than $100, which the Corporation may recover for its use. 

(b) No insured bank shall pay any dividends on its capital stock or interest on its capital notes or debentures (if such interest is required to be paid only out of net profits) or distribute any of its capital assets while it remains in default in the payment of any assessment due to the Corporation; and any director or officer of any insured bank who participates in the declaration or payment of any such dividend or interest or in any such distribution shall, upon conviction, be fined not more than $1,000 or imprisoned not more than one year, or both: Provided, That if such default is due to a dispute between the insured bank and the Corporation over the amount of such assessment, this subsection shall not apply, if such bank shall deposit security satisfactory to the Corporation for payment upon final determination of the issue. 

 (c) Without prior written consent by the Corporation, no insured bank shall (1) merge or consolidate with any noninsured bank or institution or convert into a noninsured bank or institution or (2) assume liability to pay any deposits made in, or similar liabilities of, any noninsured bank or institution or (3) transfer assets to any noninsured bank or institution in consideration of the assumption of liabilities for any portion of the deposits made in such insured bank. No insured bank shall convert into an insured State bank if its capital stock, or its surplus will be less than the capital stock or surplus, respectively, of the converting bank at the time of the shareholders' meeting approving such conversion, without prior written consent by the Comptroller of the Currency if the resulting bank is to be a District bank, or by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System if the resulting bank is to be a State member bank (except a District bank), or by the Corporation if the resulting bank is to be a State nonmember insured bank (except a District bank). No insured bank shall (i) merge or consolidate with an insured State bank under the charter of a State bank or (ii) assume liability to pay any deposits made in another insured