[Pub. Law 797]

24

of interest or dividends, the Board of Directors shall by regulation prescribe different rates for such payment on time and savings deposits having different maturities, or subject to different conditions respecting withdrawal or repayment, or subject to different conditions by reason of different locations, or according to the varying discount rates of member banks in the several Federal Reserve districts. The Board of Directors shall by regulation define what constitutes time and savings deposits in an insured nonmember bank. Such regulations shall prohibit any insured nonmember bank from paying any time deposit before its maturity except upon such conditions and in accordance with such rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors, and from waiving any requirement of notice before payment of any savings deposit except as to all savings deposits having the same requirement. For each violation of any provision of this subsection or any lawful provision of such regulations relating to the payment of interest of dividends on deposits or to withdrawal of deposits, the offending bank shall be subject to a penalty of not more than $100, which the Corporation may recover for its use.
“(h) Any insured bank which willfully fails or refuses to file any certified statement or pay any assessment required under this Act shall be subject to a penalty of not more than $100 for each day that such violations continue, which penalty the Corporation may recover for its use: Provided, That this subsection shall not be applicable under the circumstances stated in the proviso of subsection (b) of this section.
“SEC. 19. Except with the written consent of the Corporation, no person shall serve as a director, officer, or employee of an insured bank who has been convicted, or who is hereafter convicted, of any criminal offense involving dishonesty or a breach of trust. For each willful violation of this prohibition, the bank involved shall be subjected to a penalty of not more than $100 for each day this prohibition is violated, which the Corporation may recover for its use.
“SEC. 20. It is not the purpose of this Act to discriminate in any manner against State nonmember banks and in favor of national or member banks; but the purpose is to provide all banks with the same opportunity to obtain and enjoy the benefits of this Act. No bank shall be discriminated against because its capital stock is less than the amount required for eligibility for admission into the Federal Reserve System.
“SEC. 21. The provisions of this Act limiting the insurance of the deposits of any depositor to a maximum less than the full amount shall be independent and separable from each and all of the provisions of this Act.”
SEC. 3. (a) The third paragraph of sections 709, title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
“Whoever, except as expressly authorized by Federal law, uses the words ‘Federal Deposit’, ‘Federal Deposit Insurance’, of ‘Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation’ or a combination of any three of these words, as the name or a part thereof under which he or it does business, or advertises or otherwise represents falsely by any device whatsoever that his or its deposit liabilities, obligations, certificates, or shares are insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or by the United States or by any instrumentality thereof, or whoever