30 and December 31: Provided, That when any of said days is a nonbusiness day or a legal holiday, either National or State, the preceding business day shall be used. The certified statements required to be filed with the Corporation under subsections (b) and (c) of this section shall be in such form and set forth such supporting information as the Board of Directors shall prescribe. The assessment payments required from insured banks under subsections (b) and (c) of this section shall be made in such manner and at such time or times as the Board of Directors shall prescribe, provided the time or times so prescribed shall not be later than sixty days after filing the certified statement setting forth the amount of assessment.

	"(b) On or before the 15th day of July of each year, each insured bank shall file with the Corporation a certified statement showing for the six months ending on the preceding June 30 the amount of the assessment base and the amount of the semiannual assessment due to the Corporation for the period ending on the following December 31, determined in accordance with subsection (a) of this section, which shall contain or be verified by a written declaration that it is made under the penalties of perjury. Each insured bank shall pay to the Corporation the amount of the semiannual assessment it is required to certify. On or before the 15th day of January of each year, each insured bank shall file with the Corporation a similar certified statement for the six months ending on the preceding December 31 and shall pay to the Corporation the amount of the semiannual assessment for the period ending on the following June 30 which it is required to certify.

	"(c) Each bank which becomes an insured bank shall not be required to file any certified statement or pay any assessment for the semiannual period in which it becomes an insured bank. On the expiration of such period, each such bank shall comply with the provisions of subsection (b) of this section except that the semiannual assessment base for its first certified statement shall be the assessment base of the bank as of the close of business on the preceding June 30 or December 31, whichever is applicable, determined in accordance with subsection (a) of this section. If such bank has assumed the liabilities for deposits of another bank or banks, it shall include such liabilities in its assessment base. The first certified statement shall show as the amount of the first semiannual assessment due to the Corporation, an amount equal to the product of one-half of the annual assessment rate multiplied by such assessment base.

	"(d) As of December 31, 1950, and as of December 31, of each calendar year thereafter, the Corporation shall transfer 40 per centum of its net assessment income to its capital account and the balance of the net assessment income shall be credited pro rata to the insured banks based upon the assessments of each bank becoming due during said calendar year. Each year such credit shall be applied by the Corporation toward the payment of the total assessment becoming due for the semiannual assessment period beginning the next ensuing July 1 and any excess credit shall be applied upon the assessment next becoming due. The term 'net assessment income' as used herein means the total assessments which become due during the calendar year less (1) the operating costs and expenses of the Corporation for the calendar year; (2) additions to reserve to provide for insur-