so testifying shall not be exempt from prosecution and punishment for perjury committed in so testifying.

"(e) Each insured State nonmember bank (except a District bank) shall make to the Corporation reports of condition in such form and at such times as the Board of Directors may require. The Board of Directors may require such reports to be published in such manner, not inconsistent with any applicable law, as it may direct. Every such bank which fails to make or publish any such report within such time, not less than five days, as the Board of Directors may require, shall be subject to a penalty of not more than $100 for each day of such failure recoverable by the Corporation for its use.

"(f) The Corporation shall have access to reports of examination made by, and reports of condition made to, the Comptroller of the Currency or any Federal Reserve bank, may accept any report made by or to any commission, board, or authority having supervision of a State nonmember bank (except a District bank), and may furnish to the Comptroller of the Currency, to any Federal Reserve bank, and to any such commission, board, or authority, reports of examinations made on behalf of, and reports of condition made to, the Corporation.

"(g) The Corporation may cause any and all records, papers, or documents kept by it or in its possession or custody to be photographed or microphotographed or otherwise reproduced upon film, which photographic film shall comply with the minimum standards of quality approved for permanent photographic records by the National Bureau of Standards. Such photographs, microphotographs, or photographic film or copies thereof shall be deemed to be an original record for all purposes, including introduction in evidence in all State and Federal courts or administrative agencies and shall be admissible to prove any act, transaction, occurrence, or event therein recorded. Such photographs, microphotographs, or reproduction shall be preserved in such manner as the Board of Directors of the Corporation shall prescribe and the original records, papers, or documents may be destroyed or otherwise disposed of as the Board shall direct.

"SEC. 11. (a) The Temporary Federal Deposit Insurance Fund and the Fund For Mutuals heretofore created pursuant to the provisions of section 12B of the Federal reserve Act, as amended, are hereby consolidated into a Permanent Insurance Fund for insuring deposits, and the assets therein shall be held by the Corporation for the uses and purposes of the Corporation: Provided, That the obligations to and rights of the Corporation, depositors, banks, and other persons arising out of any event or transaction prior to the effective date of this amendment shall remain unimpaired. On and after August 23, 1935, the Corporation shall insure the deposits of all insured banks as provided in this Act: provided further, That the insurance shall apply only to deposits of insured banks which have been made available since March 10, 1933, for withdrawal in the usual course of the banking business: Provided further, That if any insured bank shall, without the consent of the Corporation, release or modify restrictions on or deferments of deposits which had not been made available for withdrawal in the usual course of the banking business on or before August 23, 1935, such deposits shall not be insured. The maximum amount of the insured deposit of any depositor shall be $10,000: And provided