[PU. LAW 707.]

States, Puerto Rico, or the Virgin Islands at which deposits are received or checks paid or money lent.

"(p) The term ‘trust funds’ means funds held by an insured bank in a fiduciary capacity and includes, without being limited to, funds held as trustee, executor, administrator, guardian, or agent.

"SEC. 4. (a) Every bank, which is an insured bank on the effective date of this amendment, shall be and continue to be, without application or approval, an insured bank and shall be subject to the provisions of this Act.

"(b) Every national member bank which is authorized to commence or resume the business of banking, and which is engaged in the business of receiving deposits other than trust funds as herein defined, and every such national nonmember bank which becomes a member of the Federal Reserve System, and every State bank which is converted into a national member bank or which becomes a member of the Federal Reserve System, and which is engaged in the business of receiving deposits, other than trust funds as herein defined, shall be an insured bank from the time it is authorized to commence or resume business or becomes a member of the Federal Reserve System. The certificate herein prescribed shall be issued to the Corporation by the Comptroller of the Currency in the case of such national member bank, or by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System in the case of such State member bank: Provided, That in the case of an insured bank which is admitted to membership in the Federal Reserve System or an insured State bank which is converted into a national member bank, such certificate shall not be required, and the bank shall continue as an insured bank. Such certificate shall state that the bank is authorized to transact the business of banking in the case of a national member bank, or is a member of the Federal Reserve System in the case of a State member bank, and that consideration has been given to the factors enumerated in section 6. A State bank, resulting from the conversion of an insured national bank, shall continue as an insured bank. A State bank, resulting from the merger or consolidation of insured banks, or from the merger or consolidation of a noninsured bank or institution with an insured State bank, shall continue as an insured bank.

"SEC. 5. Subject to the provisions of this Act, any national nonmember bank which is engaged in the business of receiving deposits, other than trust funds as herein defined, upon application by the bank and certification by the Comptroller of the Currency in the manner prescribed in subsection (b) of section 4 and any State nonmember bank, upon application to and examination by the Corporation and approval by the Board of Directors, may become an insured bank. Before approving the application of any such State nonmember bank, the Board of Directors shall give consideration to the factors enumerated in section 6 and shall determine, upon the basis of a thorough examination of such bank, that its assets in excess of its capital requirements are adequate to enable it to meet all of its liabilities to depositors and other creditors as shown by the books of the bank.

"SEC. 6. The factors to be enumerated in the certificate required under section 4 and to be considered by the Board of Directors under section 5 shall be the following: The financial history and condition