[Pub. Law 797.]

8	

thirty days after written notice has been given by the Corporation to an officer of the bank, citing this subsection, and stating that the bank has failed to file or pay as required by law, all the rights, privileges, and franchises of the bank granted to it under the National Bank Act, as amended, the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, or this Act, shall be thereby forfeited. Whether or not the penalty provided in this subsection has been incurred shall be determined and adjudged in the manner provided in the sixth paragraph of section 2 of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended. The remedies provided in this subsection and in the two preceding subsections shall not be construed as limiting any other remedies against any insured bank, but shall be in addition thereto.

"(i) Trust funds held by an insured bank in a fiduciary capacity whether held in its trust or deposited in any other department or in another bank shall be insured in an amount not to exceed $10,000 for each trust estate, and when deposited by the fiduciary bank in another insured bank such trust funds shall be similarly insured to the fiduciary bank according to the trust estates represented. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, such insurance shall be separate from and additional to that covering other deposits of the owners of such trust funds or the beneficiaries of such trust estates: Provided, That where the fiduciary bank deposits any of such trust funds in other insured banks, the amount so held by other insured banks on deposit shall not for the purpose of any certified statement required under subsections (b) and (c) of this section be considered to be a deposit liability of the fiduciary bank, but shall be considered to be a deposit liability of the bank in which such funds are so deposited by such fiduciary bank. The Board of Directors shall have power by regulation to prescribe the manner of reporting and of depositing such trust funds.

Sec. 8. (a) Any insured bank (except a national member bank or State member bank) may, upon not less than ninety days' written notice to the Corporation, and to the Reconstruction Finance Corporation if it owns or holds as pledgee any preferred stock, capital notes, or debentures of such bank, terminate its status as an insured bank. Whenever the Board of Directors shall find that an insured bank or its directors or trustees have continued unsafe or unsound practices in conducting the business of such bank, or have knowingly or negligently permitted any of its officers or agents to violate any provision of any law or regulation to which the insured bank is subject, the Board of Directors shall first give to the Comptroller of the Currency in the case of a national bank or a District bank, to the authority having supervision of the bank in the case of a State bank, or to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System in the case of a State member bank, a statement with respect to such practices or violations for the purpose of securing the correction thereof and shall give a copy thereof to the bank. Unless such correction shall be made within one hundred and twenty days or such shorter period of time as the Comptroller of the Currency, the State authority, or Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as the case may be, shall require, the Board of Directors, if it shall determine to proceed further, shall give to the bank not less than thirty days' written notice of intention to terminate the status of the bank as an insured bank, and shall fix a time and

Digitized for FRASER
http://fraser.stlouisfed.org/
Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis