amount of capital stock in the new bank has been subscribed and paid for in cash, the Comptroller of the Currency shall require the articles of association and the organization certificate to be amended to conform to the requirements for the organization of a national bank, and thereafter, when the requirements of law with respect to the organization of a national bank have been complied with, he shall issue to the bank a certificate of authority to commence business, and thereupon the bank shall cease to have the status of a new bank, shall be managed by directors elected by its own shareholders and may exercise all the powers granted by law, and it shall be subject to all the provisions of law relating to national banks. Such bank shall thereafter be an insured national bank, without certification to or approval by the Corporation.

    "(1) If the capital stock of the new bank is not offered for sale, or if an adequate amount of capital for such new bank is not subscribed and paid for, the Board of Directors may offer to transfer its business to any insured bank in the same community which will take over its assets, assume its liabilities, and pay to the Corporation for such business such amount as the Board of Directors may deem adequate; or the Board of Directors in its discretion may change the location of the new bank to the office of the Corporation or to some other place or may at any time wind up its affairs as herein provided. Unless the capital stock of the new bank is sold or its assets are taken over and its liabilities are assumed by an insured bank as above provided within two years from the date of its organization, the Corporation shall wind up the affairs of such bank, after giving such notice, if any, as the Comptroller of the Currency may require, and shall certify to the Comptroller of the Currency the termination of the new bank. Thereafter the Corporation shall be liable for the obligations of such bank and shall be the owner of its assets. The provisions of sections 5220 and 5221 of the Revised Statutes (U. S. C., title 12, secs. 181 and 182) shall not apply to such new banks.

    "Sec. 12. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Corporation as receiver of a closed national bank or District bank shall not be required to furnish bond and shall have the right to appoint an agent or agents to assist it in its duties as such receiver, and all fees, compensation, and expenses of liquidation and administration thereof shall be fixed by the Corporation, and may be paid by it out of funds coming into its possession as such receiver.

    "(b) Payment of an insured deposit to any person by the Corporation shall discharge the Corporation, and payment of a transferred deposit to any person by the new bank or by an insured bank in which a transferred deposit has been made available shall discharge the Corporation and such new bank or other insured bank, to the same extent that payment to such person by the closed bank would have discharged it from liability for the insured deposit.

    "(c) Except as otherwise prescribed by the Board of Directors, neither the Corporation nor such new bank or other insured bank shall be required to recognize as the owner of any portion of a deposit appearing on the records of the closed bank under a name other than that of the claimant, any person whose name or interest as such owner is not disclosed on the records of such closed bank as part owner of