penalty thereof, and to dismiss at pleasure such officers or employees. Nothing in this or any other Act shall be construed to prevent the appointment and compensation as an officer or employee of the Corporation of any officer or employee of the United States in any board, commission, independent establishment, or executive department thereof.

"Sixth. To prescribe, by its Board of Directors, bylaws not inconsistent with law, regulating the manner in which its general business may be conducted, and the privileges granted to it by law may be exercised and enjoyed.

"Seventh. To exercise by its Board of Directors, or duly authorized officers or agents, all powers specifically granted by the provisions of this Act, and such incidental powers as shall be necessary to carry out the powers so granted.

"Eighth. To make examinations of and to require information and reports from banks, as provided in this Act.

"Ninth. To act as receiver.

"Tenth. To prescribe by its Board of Directors such rules and regulations as it may deem necessary to carry out the provisions of this Act.

"SEC. 10. (a) The Board of Directors shall administer the affairs of the Corporation fairly and impartially and without discrimination. The Board of Directors of the Corporation shall determine and prescribe the manner in which its obligations shall be incurred and its expenses allowed and paid. The Corporation shall be entitled to the free use of the United States mails in the same manner as the executive departments of the Government. The Corporation with the consent of any Federal Reserve bank or of any board, commission, independent establishment, or executive department of the Government, including any field service thereof, may avail itself of the use of information, services, and facilities thereof in carrying out the provisions of this Act.

"(b) The Board of Directors shall appoint examiners who shall have power, on behalf of the Corporation, to examine any insured State nonmember bank (except a District bank), any State nonmember bank making application to become an insured bank, and any closed insured bank, whenever in the judgment of the Board of Directors an examination of the bank is necessary. In addition to the examinations provided for in the preceding sentence, such examiners shall have like power to make special examination of any State member bank and any national bank or District bank, whenever in the judgment of the Board of Directors such special examination is necessary to determine the condition of any such bank for insurance purposes. Each such examiner shall have power to make a thorough examination of all the affairs of the bank and in doing so he shall have power to administer oaths and to examine and take and preserve the testimony of any of the officers and agents thereof, and shall make a full and detailed report of the condition of the bank to the Corporation. The Board of Directors in like manner shall appoint claim agents who shall have power to investigate and examine all claims for insured deposits and transferred deposits. Each claim agent shall have power to administer oaths and to examine under oath and take and preserve the testimony of any persons relating to such claims.