PUBLIC LAW 93-234—DEC. 31, 1973

TITLE II-DISASTER MITIGATION REQUIREMENTS

NOTIFICATION TO FLOOD-PRONE AREAS

Sec. 201. (a) Not later than six months following the enactment of this title, the Secretary shall publish information in accordance with subsection 1360 (1) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, and
shall notify the chief executive officer of each known flood-prone com-
munity not already participating in the national flood insurance pro-
gram of its tentative identification as a community containing one
or more areas having special flood hazards.

(b) After such notification, each tentatively identified community
shall either (1) promptly make proper application to participate in
the national flood insurance program or (2) within six months submit
technical data sufficient to establish to the satisfaction of the Secretary
that the community either is not seriously flood prone or that such flood
hazards as may have existed have been corrected by floodworks or
other flood control methods. The Secretary may, in his discretion,
grant a public hearing to any community with respect to which con-
flicting data exist as to the nature and extent of a flood hazard. If
the Secretary decides not to hold a hearing, the community shall be
given an opportunity to submit written and documentary evidence.
Whether or not such hearing is granted, the Secretary's final deter-
mination as to the existence or extent of a flood hazard area in a par-
ticular community shall be deemed conclusive for the purposes of this
Act if supported by substantial evidence in the record considered as
a whole.

(c) As information becomes available to the Secretary concerning
the existence of flood hazards in communities not known to be flood
prone at the time of the initial notification provided for by subsection
(a) of this section he shall provide similar notifications to the chief
executive officers of such additional communities, which shall then be
subject to the requirements of subsection (b) of this section.

(d) Formally identified flood-prone communities that do not qualify
for the national flood insurance program within one year after such
notification or by the date specified in section 202, whichever is later,
shall thereafter be subject to the provisions of that section relating to
flood-prone communities which are not participating in the program.


EFFECT 0F NONPARTICIPATION IN FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM

Sec. 202. (a) No Federal officer or agency shall approve any financial
assistance for acquisition or construction purposes on and after July 1,
1975, for use in any area that has been identified by the Secretary as an
area having special flood hazards unless the community in which such
area is situated is then participating in the national flood insurance
program.

(b) Each Federal instrumentality responsible for the supervision,
approval, regulation, or insuring of banks, savings and loan associa-
tions, or similar institutions shall by regulation prohibit such institu-
tions on and after July 1, 1975, from making, increasing, extending,
or renewing any loan secured by improved real estate or a mobile home
located or to be located in an area that has been identified by the
Secretary as an area having special flood hazards, unless the com-
munity in which such area is situated is then participating in the
national flood insurance program.

REPEAL OF DISASTER ASSISTANCE PENALTY

Sec. 203. Section 1314 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968
is repealed.