87 STAT. 	] PUBLIC LAW 93-234-DEC. 31, 1973	

(c) Appeals by private persons shall be made to the chief executive officer of the community, or to such agency as he shall publicly designate, and shall set forth the data that tend to negate or contradict the Secretary's finding in such form as the chief executive officer may specify. The community shall review and consolidate all such appeals and issue a written opinion stating whether the evidence presented is sufficient to justify an appeal on behalf of such persons by the community in its own name. Whether or not the community decides to appeal the Secretary's determination, copies of individual appeals shall be sent to the Secretary as they are received by the community, and the community's appeal or a copy of its decision not to appeal shall be filed with the Secretary not later than ninety days after the date of the second newspaper publication of the Secretary's notification.

(d) In the event the Secretary does not receive an appeal from the community within the ninety days provided, he shall consolidate and review on their own merits, in accordance with the procedures set forth in subsection (e), the appeals filed within the community by private persons and shall make such modifications of his proposed determinations as may be appropriate, taking into account the written opinion, if any, issued by the community in not supporting such appeals. The Secretary's decision shall be in written form, and copies thereof shall be sent both to the chief executive officer of the community and to each individual appellant.

(e) Upon appeal by any community, as provided by this section, the Secretary shall review and take fully into account any technical or scientific data submitted by the community that tend to negate or contradict the information upon which his proposed determination is based. The Secretary shall resolve such appeal by consultation with officials of the local government involved, by administrative hearing, or by submission of the conflicting data to an independent scientific body or appropriate Federal agency for advice. Until the conflict in data is resolved, and the Secretary makes a final determination on the basis of his findings in the Federal Register, and so notifies the governing body of the community, flood insurance previously available within the community shall continue to be available, and no person shall be denied the right to purchase such insurance at chargeable rates. The Secretary shall make his determination within a reasonable time. The community shall be given a reasonable time after the Secretary's final determination in which to adopt local land use and control measures consistent with the Secretary's determination. The reports and other information used by the Secretary in making his final determination shall be made available for public inspection and shall be admissible, in a court of law in the event the community seeks judicial review as provided by this section.

(f) Any appellant aggrieved by any final determination of the Secretary upon administrative appeal, as provided by this section, may appeal such determination to the United States district court for the district within which the community is located not more than sixty days after receipt of notice of such determination. The scope of review by the court shall be as provided by chapter 7 of title 5, United State Code. During the pendency of any such litigation, all final determinations of the Secretary shall be effective for the purposes of this title unless stayed by the court for good cause shown.

FLOOD INSURANCE PREMIUM EQUALIZATION PAYMENTS

Sec. 111. Section 1334 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 is amended by striking out subsection (b) and by redesignating subsection "(c)" as subsection "(b)".

80 Stat. 392.
5 USC 701.

82 Stat. 583.
42 USC 4054.