980          PUBLIC LAW 93-234-DEC. 31, 1973 [87 STAT.

or currents in lakes and other bodies of water exceeding anticipated cyclical levels.".
82 Stat. 588: (b) Section 1370 of such Act is amended by adding at the end there-83 Stat. 397, of the following new subsection:
42 USC 4121. "Flood."
"(c) The term 'flood' shall also include the collapse or subsidence of land along the shore of a lake or other body of water as a result of erosion or undermining caused by waves or currents of water exceed-ing anticipated cyclical levels, and all of the provisions of this title shall apply with respect to such collapse or subsidence in the same manner and to the same extent as with respect to floods described in paragraph (1), subject to and in accordance with such regulations, modifying the provisions of this title (including the provisions relat-ing to land management and use) to the extent necessary to insure that they can be effectively so applied, as the Secretary may prescribe to achieve (with respect to such collapse or subsidence) the purposes of this title and the objectives of the program.".
ESTIMATES OF PREMIUM RATES
82 Stat. 576. Sec. 109. Section 1307 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 196842 USC 4014. is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new sub-section:
Ante, p. 975. "(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any structure
existing on the date of enactment of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 and located within Avoyelles, Evangeline, Rapides, or Saint Landry Parish in the State of Louisiana, which the Secretary determines is subject to additional flood hazards as a result of the construction or operation of the Atchafalaya Basin Levee System, shall be eligible for flood insurance under this title (if and to the extent it is eligible for such insurance under the other provisions of this title) at premium rates that shall not exceed those which would be applicable if such additional hazards did not exist.".
APPEALS
82 Stat. 587. Sec. 110. Chapter III of the National Flood Insurance Act of 196842 USC 4101. is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new section:

"APPEALS

42 USC 4102. "SEC. 1363. (a) In establishing projected flood elevations for land Publication in Federal Register. 
use purposes with respect to any community pursuant to section 1361, the Secretary shall first propose such determinations by publication for comment in the Federal Register, by direct notification to the chief 
executive officer of the community, and by publication in a prominent local newspaper.

"(b) The Secretary shall publish notification of flood elevation determinations in a prominent local newspaper at least twice during the ten-day period following notification to the local government. Flood elevation determinations, publication. During the ninety-day period following the second publication, any owner or lessee of real property within the community who believes his property rights to be adversely affected by the Secretary's proposed determination may appeal such determination to the local govern-ment. The sole basis for such appeal shall be the possession of knowl-edge or information indicating that the elevations being proposed by the Secretary with respect to an identified area having special flood hazards are scientifically or technically incorrect, and the sole relief which shall be granted under the authority of this section in the event that such appeal is sustained in accordance with subsection (e) or (f) is a modification of the Secretary's proposed determination accordingly.