87 STAT. ] PUBLIC LAW 93-234-DEC. 31, 1973  983

ACCELERATED IDENTIFICATION OF FLOOD-RISK ZONES 

Sec. 204. (a) Section 1360 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 is amended by inserting the designation "(a)" after "Sec. 1360." and adding at the end thereof the following new subsections: 
"(b) The Secretary is directed to accelerate the identification of risk zones within flood-prone and mudslide-prone areas, as provided by subsection (a) (2) of this section, in order to make known the degree of hazard within each such zone at the earliest possible date. To accomplish this objective, the Secretary is authorized, without regard to sections 3648 and 3709 of the Revised Statutes, as amended (31 U.S.C. 529 and 41 U.S.C. 5), to make grants, provide technical assistance, and enter into contracts, cooperative agreements, or other transactions, on such terms as he may deem appropriate, or consent to modifications thereof, and to make advance or progress payments in connection therewith. 
"(c) The Secretary of Defense (through the Army Corps of Engineers), the Secretary of the Interior (through the United States Geological Survey), the Secretary of Agriculture (through the Soil Conservation Service), the Secretary of Commerce (through the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration), the head of the Tennessee Valley Authority, and the heads of all other Federal agencies engaged in the identification or delineation of flood-risk zones within the several States shall, in consultation with the Secretary, give the highest practicable priority in the allocation of available manpower and other available resources to the identification and mapping of flood hazard areas and flood-risk zones, in order to assist the Secretary to meet the deadline established by this section."

AUTHORITY TO ISSUE REGULATIONS

Sec. 205. (a) The Secretary is authorized to issue such regulations as may be necessary to carry out the purpose of this Act. 
(b) The head of each Federal agency that administers a program of financial assistance relating to the acquisition, construction, reconstruction, repair, or improvement of publicly or privately owned land or facilities, and each Federal instrumentality responsible for the supervision, approval, regulation, or insuring of banks, savings and loan associations, or similar institutions, shall, in cooperation with the Secretary, issue appropriate rules and regulations to govern the carrying out of the agency's responsibilities under this Act.

CONSULTATION WITH LOCAL OFFICIALS

Sec. 206. In carrying out his responsibilities under the provisions of this title and the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 which relate to notification to and identification of flood-prone areas and the application of criteria for land management and use, including criteria derived from data reflecting new developments that may indicate the desirability of modifying elevations based on previous flood studies, the Secretary shall establish procedures assuring adequate consultation with the appropriate elected officials of general purpose local governments, including but not limited to those local governments whose prior eligibility under the program has been suspended. Such consultation shall include, but not be limited to, fully informing local officials at the commencement of any flood elevation study or investigation undertaken by any agency on behalf of the Secretary concerning the nature and purpose of the study, the areas involved, the manner in which the study is to be undertaken, the general principles to be applied, and the use to be made of the data obtained. The