101 STAT. 658          PUBLIC LAW 100-86—AUG. 10, 1987

SEC. 1002. TIME LIMIT ON PAYMENT OF TREASURY CHECKS
Section 3328 of title 31, United States Code, is amended—
(1) by striking out subsection (a) and inserting in lieu thereof
the following:
     “(a) TIME LIMIT ON TREASURY CHECKS.—
        “(1) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in sections 3329 and
3330 of this title—
           “(A) the Secretary shall not be required to pay a Treasury
check issued on or after the effective date of this section
unless it is negotiated to a financial institution within 12
months after the date on which the check was issued; and
           “(B) the Secretary shall not be required to pay a Treasury
check issued before the effective date of this section unless
it is negotiated to a financial institution within 12 months
after such effective date.
        “(2) DEFERRAL PENDING SETTLEMENT.—Notwithstanding the
time limitations imposed by paragraph (1), if the Secretary is on
notice of a question of law or fact about whether a Treasury
check is properly payable when the check is presented for
payment, the Secretary may defer payment on such check until
the Comptroller General settles the question.
        “(3) Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to affect the
underlying obligation of the United States, or any agency
thereof, for which a Treasury check was issued.’’; and
(2) by adding at the end thereof the following:
     “(f) AUTHORITY TO DECLINE PAYMENT.—Nothing in this section
limits the authority of the Secretary to decline payment of a Treasury check after first examination thereof at the Treasury.”.

SEC. 1003. CANCELLATION OF TREASURY CHECKS.
Chapter 33 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding
at the end of subchapter II the following new section:
“§ 3334. Cancellation and proceeds distribution of Treasury checks

      “(a) IN GENERAL.—(1) The Secretary shall provide monthly to each
agency that authorizes the issuance of Treasury checks a list of
those checks issued for such agency on or after such effective date
that have not been paid and have become more than 12 months old
during the preceding month, beginning with the fourteenth month
following the effective date of this section.
        “(2) Such checks shall be canceled by the Secretary and the
proceeds thereof shall be returned to the agency concerned and
credited to the appropriation or fund account initially charged for
the payment.
     “(b) CHECKS ISSUED BEFORE EFFECTIVE DATE.—(1) Not later than 18
months after the effective date of this section, the Secretary shall
identify and cancel all Treasury checks issued before such effective 
date that have not been paid in accordance with section 3328 of this
title.
        “(2) The proceeds from checks canceled pursuant to paragraph (1)
shall be applied to eliminate the balances in accounts that represent
uncollectible accounts receivable and other costs associated with the 
payment of checks and check claims by the Department of the
Treasury on behalf of all payment certifying agencies. Any remain-
ing proceeds shall be deposited to the miscellaneous receipts of the
Treasury.