101 STAT. 604

PUBLIC LAW 100-86-AUG. 10, 1987

mium assessed against such insured institution under subsec- 
tion (c) for any premium year beginning after 1987 and before 
1993.

"(B) ANNUAL MAXIMUM AMOUNT LIMITATION. - The amount of 
any offset allowed for any insured institution under subpara-
graph (A) for any premium year referred to in subparagraph (A) 
shall not exceed an amount which is equal to 20 percent of such 
institution’s pro rata share of the statutorily prescribed amount 
(as computed for the calendar year in which such premium year 
begins).
"(C) OFFSETS IN PREMIUM YEARS BEGINNING AFTER 1992.-- 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an insured institu-
tion may offset such institution’s pro rata share of the statu-
torily prescribed amount against any premium assessed against 
such insured institution under this section for any premium 
year beginning after 1992.
"(D) STATUTORILY PRESCRIBED AMOUNT DEFINED. -For purposes 
of this paragraph, the term ‘statutorily prescribed amount’
means—
"(i) with respect to calendar year 1988, the sum of 
$823,705,000; and
"(ii) with respect to any calendar year beginning after 
1988, the sum contained in clause (i) minus the aggregate 
amount of offsets made by all insured institutions before 
the beginning of the calendar year for which such computa-
tion is being made.
"(E) INSURED INSTITUTION'S PRO RATA AMOUNT. - For purposes 
of this paragraph, an insured institution’s pro rata share of the 
statutorily prescribed amount is the percentage which is equal
to such institution’s pro rata share of the secondary reserve as 
determined under this subsection on the day before the date on 
which the Corporation ceased to recognize the secondary 
reserve.
"(F) PREMIUM YEAR DEFINED.-For purposes of this paragraph, 
the term ‘premium year’ means, with respect to any insured 
institution, the 1-year period for which a premium is assessed 
against such insured institution under subsection (b) or (c)." 
(b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.— 
(1) Section 404(d)(1) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C.
1727(d)) is amended—
(A) by striking out the second sentence of sub-
paragraph (A);
(B) by striking out paragraph (B); and
(C) by striking out "(1)(A)" and inserting in lieu thereof 
"(1)".
(2) Section 404(g) of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 
1727(g)) is amended by striking out the second sentence.

TITLE IV—THRIFT INDUSTRY 
PROVISIONS

Thrift Industry 
Recovery Act.

SEC. 401. SHORT TITLE.
This title may be cited as the "Thrift Industry Recovery Act".
12 USC 226 note.
