101 STAT. 608                      PUBLIC LAW 100-86-AUG. 10, 1987

        "(2) EXCEPTION FOR CERTAIN INSTITUTIONS AND TRANS-
    ACTIONS.-Notwithstanding the requirement contained in para-
    graph (1XA), the Corporation may suspend the application of
    any such standard with respect to any insured institution or
    any transaction if-
            "(A) the application of such standard to an insured
        institution and a company that controls such insured
        institution would result in such insured institution or
        company being treated differently than a bank and such
        bank's holding company considered on a consolidated basis;
        and
            "(B) the transaction was consistent with generally
        accepted accounting principles when such transaction was
        completed.
     "(c) ASSET EVALUATIONS.-The Corporation may not require an
insured institution to establish reserves against, or write down the
value of, any asset in an amount in excess of the amount which
would result from an evaluation of such asset which is consistent
with generally accepted accounting principles, except that evalua-
tions which are consistent with the practice of the Federal banking
agencies may be used for supervisory purposes.
     "(d) ACCOUNTING FOR SUBORDINATED DEBT AND GOODWILL.-No
provision of this section shall affect the authority of the Corporation
to authorize insured institutions to utilize subordinated debt and
goodwill in meeting reserve and other regulatory requirements.
    "(e) Loss DEFERRALS.-Notwithstanding any other provision of
this section-
         "(1) insured institutions may continue, for purposes of deter-
    mining regulatory net worth and capital, to defer and amortize
    gains and losses from the disposition of assets pursuant to
    regulations of the Corporation in effect before the enactment of
    the Thrift Industry Recovery Act; and
         "(2) the use of such deferrals and amortizations, consistently
    with the regulations referred to in paragraph (1), shall not
    reduce the ability of an insured institution to comply with any
    other rule issued or regulation prescribed by the Corporation.
    "(f) FEDERAL BANKING AGENCY DEFINED.-For purposes of this
section, the term 'Federal banking agency' means the Comptroller
of the Currency, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation."
     (c) REPORT TO CONGRESS.-Not later than the end of the 90-day
 period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act-
         (1) the Federal Home Loan Bank Board shall submit a copy of
 the proposed regulations required to be prescribed under the
 amendment made by subsection (a) to the Congress; and
         (2) the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation shall
 submit a copy of the proposed regulations required to be pre-
 scribed under the amendment made by subsection (b) to the
 Congress.
 12 USC 1467        (d) EFFECTIVE DATE OF REGULATIONS.
 note.                     (1) IN GENERAL.-Except as provided in paragraph (2), any
 regulation required to be prescribed under the amendment
 made by subsections (a) and (b) shall be implemented not later
 than the end of the 150-day period beginning on the date of the
 enactment of this Act.
                         (2) UNIFORM GAAP ACCOUNTING STANDARDS.-