101 STAT. 632		PUBLIC LAW 100-86—AUG. 10, 1987

        “(iii) A holding company or another bank that is not
a bridge bank assumes all, or substantially all of the
deposits or other liabilities of a bridge bank.
“(iv) A period of 2 years following the date the bridge
bank was organized expires without any other disposi-
tion of the assets and liabilities of the bank having
occurred.
            (B) EXTENSION ALLOWED FOR 1 YEAR.—If the Board of
Directors finds, after consultation with the Comptroller of
the Currency, that an extension of time for winding up the
affairs of the bank is in the best interest of the depositors of
the closed bank and the public, the Corporation may extend
the time period specified in subparagraph (A)(iv) for not to exceed one year.
	“(11) 2 OR MORE BANKS.—The Corporation, in the Corpora-
tion’s discretion, may establish a bridge bank under this subsec-
tion to assume the deposits of, assume any other liabilities of,
and purchase any assets of 2 or more closed banks.”.
	(b) DEFINITIONS.—Section 3(i) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act
(12 U.S.C. 1813(i)) is amended to read as follows:
		“(i) NEW BANK AND BRIDGE BANK DEFINED.—
			“(1) NEW BANK.—The term ‘new bank’ means a new national
bank, other than a bridge bank, organized by the Corporation in
accordance with section 11(h).
			“(2) BRIDGE BANK.—The term ‘bridge bank’ means a new
national bank organized by the Corporation in accordance with
section 11(i).”.
	SEC. 504. CONVERSIONS.
	(a) AMENDMENT TO THE NATIONAL HOUSING ACT.—Section 403 of
the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1726) is amended by adding at
the end thereof the following:
		“(e) If, upon application, and pursuant to a plan of conversion to
an institution of a type eligible to be an insured institution, the
Corporation, in its discretion, determines to grant insurance of
accounts to a savings bank that is an insured bank (as the term
‘insured bank’ is defined in section 3(h) of the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act), such insurance shall become effective at such time
as the Corporation stipulates, at which time such institution auto-
matically shall lose its status as such an insured bank. No change of
deposit insurance agencies from the Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-
poration to the Corporation shall be treated, for the purposes of
section 18(i) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as involving a
conversion to a noninsured bank or institution, except that the
Corporation shall provide the Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-
tion with notification of any application that, if granted, would
involve such a change of deposit insurance agencies, shall consult
with the Corporation before disposing of the application, and shall
provide the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation with notification
of the determination with respect to such application.”.
	(b) AMENDMENTS TO THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE ACT.—
		(1) SECTION 18(c) APPLICABILITY.—Section 18(c)(12) of the Fed-
eral Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1828(c)(12)) is amended to
read as follows:
		“(12) The provisions of this subsection shall not apply to any
transaction where the acquiring, assuming, or resulting institution
is an insured Federal savings bank or an institution insured by the