PUBLIC LAW 100-86—AUG. 10, 1987                                                 101 STAT. 619

    "(B) without admitting into evidence, or otherwise taking
    into account, the findings, recommendations, or conclusions
    of the principal supervisory agent and the independent
    arbiter (or the panel of independent arbiters) which con-
    ducted the informal review.
    "(3) INFORMAL REVIEW NOT SUBJECT TO FORMAL REVIEW.—The
    findings, recommendations, or conclusions of any principal
    supervisory agent who conducted a review under the procedure
    established pursuant to subsection (a) are not decisions which
    may be subject to review by the Board or any court under any
    regulation of the Board or any law.
    "(g) EXPENSES OF REVIEW BORNE BY ASSOCIATION, INSTITUTION, OR
    MEMBER.-All reasonable expenses incurred as a direct or indirect
    result of any review under the procedure established pursuant to
    subsection (a) shall be paid by the association, insured institution, or
    member which requested the review.".

SEC. 408. PREVENTION OF INSOLVENCIES.
    Before the end of the 6-month period beginning on the date of the
    enactment of this Act, the Federal Home Loan Bank Board shall
    submit a report to the Congress containing—
    (1) a detailed description of the steps the Board has taken and
    is planning to take to prevent additional failures of thrift
    institutions; and
    (2) such recommendations for legislation as the Board may
    determine to be appropriate.

SEC. 409. FEASIBILITY STUDY RELATING TO ESTABLISHMENT OF ASSET
                           HOLDING CORPORATION.
    (a) STUDY REQUIRED.—The Federal Home Loan Bank Board shall
    study the feasibility of establishing an asset holding corporation to
    relieve thrift institutions of the burden of carrying and maintaining
    troubled real estate assets by providing for the acquisition of such
    assets by such corporation.
    (b) FACTORS TO BE CONSIDERED.—In studying the feasibility of
    establishing an asset holding corporation, the Federal Home Loan
    Bank Board shall—
    (1) estimate the cost of establishing and operating subject cor-
    poration for the purposes intended;
    (2) consider whether sufficient capital for the establishment
    and operation of the corporation can be obtained from the
    private sector or from the Federal home loan bank system
    without any Government investment in the corporation;
    (3) develop standards for determining the type and condition
    of real estate assets which would be eligible for acquisition by
    such corporation and estimate the total value of such real
    estate; and
    (4) develop a proposal for allowing participating thrift institu-
    tions to obtain aquity participation in the corporation.
    (c) REPORT REQUIRED.—The Federal Home Loan Bank Board shall
    prepare and submit to the Committee on Banking, Finance and
    Urban Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee
    on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate, not later
    than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, a report
    containing the findings and conclusions of the Board with respect to
    the study required under subsection (a) and any recommendation of