101 STAT. 650

PUBLIC LAW 100-86--AUG. 10, 1987

12 USC 1437.
Home Loan Bank Act, by the Federal Home Loan Bank Board (acting directly or through the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation), in the case of any institution subject to any of those provisions; and

12 USC 1751.
(3) the Federal Credit Union Act, by the National Credit Union Administration Board with respect to any Federal credit union or insured credit union.
(b) ADDITIONAL POWERS.--
(1) VIOLATION OF THIS TITLE TREATED AS VIOLATION OF OTHER ACTS.--For purposes of the exercise by any agency referred to in subsection (a) of this section of its powers under any Act referred to in that subsection, a violation of any requirement imposed under this title shall be deemed to be a violation of a requirement imposed under that Act.
(2) ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITY UNDER OTHER ACTS.--In addition to its powers under any provision of law specifically referred to in subsection (a) of this section, each of the agencies referred to in such subsection may exercise, for purposes of enforcing compliance with any requirement imposed under this title, any other authority conferred on it by law.
(c) ENFORCEMENT BY THE BOARD.--
(1) IN GENERAL.--Except to the extent that enforcement of the requirements imposed under this title is specifically committed to some other Government agency under subsection (a) of this section, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall enforce such requirements.
(2) ADDITIONAL REMEDY.--If the Board determines that--
(A) any depository institution which is not a depository institution described in subsection (a), or
(B) any other person subject to the authority of the Board under this title, including any person subject to the authority of the Board under section 605(d)(2) or 609(c), has failed to comply with any requirement imposed by this title or by the Board under this title, the Board may issue an order prohibiting any depository institution, any Federal Reserve bank, or any other person subject to the authority of the Board from engaging in any activity or transaction which directly or indirectly involves such noncomplying depository institution or person (including any activity or transaction involving the receipt, payment, collection, and clearing of checks and any related function of the payment system with respect to checks).
(d) PROCEDURAL RULES.--The authority of the Board to prescribe regulations under this title does not impair the authority of any other agency designated in this section to make rules regarding its own procedures in enforcing compliance with requirements imposed under this title.

12 USC 4010.
SEC. 611. CIVIL LIABILITY.
(a) CIVIL LIABILITY.--Except as otherwise provided in this section, any depository institution which fails to comply with any requirement imposed under this title or any regulation prescribed under this title with respect to any person other than another depository institution is liable to such person in an amount equal to the sum of--
(1) any actual damage sustained by such person as a result of the failure;