101 STAT. 656	                                                            PUBLIC LAW 100-86—AUG. 10, 1987

                                  SEC. 716. ASSETS WHICH MAY BE PLEDGED.
                      (a) IN GENERAL.—Section 121 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12
                  U.S.C. 1767) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following
                  new subsection:
                         “(b) Any Federal credit union, upon the deposit with it of any
                  funds by the Federal Government, an Indian tribe, or any State or
                  local government or political subdivision thereof as otherwise au
                  thorized by this Act, is authorized to pledge any of its assets
                  securing the payment of the funds so deposited.”.
                   (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT-—Section 121 of the Federal Credit
                Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1767) is amended by striking out “Each” in the
                first sentence and inserting in lieu thereof “(a) Each”.

                               TITLE VIII—LOAN LOSS AMORTIZATION

                   SEC. 801. LOAN LOSS AMORTIZATION FOR AGRICULTURAL BANKS.

                   Section 13 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1823) is
                 amended by adding at the end thereof the following:
                       “(i) LOAN LOSS AMORTIZATION FOR CERTAIN BANKS.-
                             “(1) ELGIBILITY.—The appropriate Federal banking agency
                 shall permit an agricultural bank to take the actions referred to
                 in paragraph (2) if it finds that—
                          “(A) there is no evidence that fraud or criminal abuse on
                             the part of the bank led to the losses referred to in para
                             graph (2); and
                          “(B) the agricultural bank has a plan to restore its cap
                             ital, not later than the close of the amortization period
                             established under paragraph (2), to a level prescribed by the appropriate Federal banking agency.
                             “(2) SEVEN-YEAR LOSS AMORTIZATION-—(A) Any loss on any
                 qualified agricultural loan that an agricultural bank would
                 otherwise be required to show on its annual financial statement
                 for any year between December 31, 1983, and January 1, 1992,
                 may be amortized on its financial statements over a period of
                  not to exceed 7 years, as provided in regulations issued by the
                 appropriate Federal banking agency.
                           “(B) An agricultural bank may reappraise any real estate or
                  other property, real or personal, that it acquired coincident to
                  the making of a qualified agricultural loan and that it owned on
                  January 1, 1983, and any such additional property that it
                  acquires prior to January 1, 1992. Any loss that such bank
                would otherwise be required to show on its annual financial
                statements as the result of any such reappraisal may be amor
                tized on its financial statements over a period of not to exceed 7
                 years, as provided in regulations issued by the appropriate
                Federal banking agency.
                           “(3) REGULATIONS.—Not later than 90 days after the date of
                 enactment of this subsection, the appropriate Federal banking
                agency shall issue regulations implementing this subsection
                with respect to banks that it supervises, including regulations
                implementing the capital restoration requirement of paragraph
                 (1)(B).
                           “(4) DEFINITIONS.—As used in this subsection—
                           “(A) the term ‘agricultural bank’ means a bank-