PUBLIC LAW 100-86—AUG. 10, 1987                101 STAT. 615

"(3) UNSAFE OR UNSOUND PRACTICE.—In the Board's discretion, 
the Board may treat the failure of any association to maintain 
capital at or above the minimum level required by the Board 
under this subsection as an unsafe or unsound practice within 
the meaning of subsection (d). 
(4) DIRECTIVE TO INCREASE CAPITAL.—  
   "(A) PLAN MAY BE REQUIRED.—In addition to any other 
action authorized by law, including paragraph (3), the 
Board may issue a directive requiring any association 
which fails to maintain capital at or above the minimum 
level required by the Board to submit and adhere to a plan 
for increasing capital which is acceptable to the Board. 
   "(B) ENFORCEMENT OF PLAN.—Any directive issued and 
plan approved under subparagraph (A) shall be enforceable 
under subsection (d)(8) to the same extent and in the same 
manner as an outstanding order which was issued under 
subsection (d)(2) and has become final. 
(5) PLAN TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT IN OTHER PROCEEDINGS.—The 
Board may— 
   "(A) consider an association's progress in adhering to any 
plan required under paragraph (4) whenever such associa­ 
tion or any affiliate of such association (including any 
company which controls such association) seeks the ap­ 
proval of the Board for any proposal which would have the 
effect of diverting earnings, diminishing capital, or other- 
wise impeding such association's progress in meeting the 
minimum level of capital required by the Board; and 
   "(B) disapprove any proposal referred to is subparagraph 
(A) if the Board determines that the proposal would ad- 
versely affect the ability of the association to comply with 
such plan.". 
(b) STATE CHARTERED, FEDERALLY INSURED THRIFTS.—Section 407 
of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1730) is amended by adding 
at the end thereof the following new subsection: 
"(f) MINIMUM CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS.— 
"(1) IN GENERAL.—Consistent with the purposes of section 908 
of the International Lending Supervision Act of 1983 and the 
capital requirements established pursuant to such section by 
the appropriate Federal banking agencies (as defined in section 
903(1) of such Act), the Corporation shall require all insured 
institutions to achieve and maintain adequate capital by— 
   "(A) establishing minimum levels of capital for insured 
institutions; and
   "(B) using such other methods as the Corporation deter- 
mines to be appropriate. 
"(2) MINIMUM CAPITAL LEVELS MAY BE DETERMINED BY COR­PORATION ON CASE-BY-CASE BASIS.—The Corporation may estab­ 
lish the minimum level of capital for an insured institution at 
such amount or at such ratio of capital-to-assets as the Corpora­ 
tion determines to be necessary or appropriate for such insured 
institution in light of the particular circumstances of the in- 
sured institution. 
"(3) UNSAFE OR UNSOUND PRACTICE.—In the Corporation's 
discretion, the Corporation may treat the failure of any insured 
institution to maintain capital at or above the minimum level 
required by the Corporation under this subsection as an unsafe 
or unsound practice within the meaning of subsection (e). 

                                 12 USC 3907.

                                 12 USC 3902.