PUBLIC LAW 100-86—AUG. 10, 1987

101 STAT. 639

the business day on which the funds involved are available for withdrawal.
(2) AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS DEPOSITED BY NONLOCAL CHECKS.— Subject to paragraph (3) of this subsection, subsections (a)(2), (d), and (e) of this section, and section 604, not more than 4 business days shall intervene between the business day on which funds are deposited in an account at a depository institution by a check drawn on a nonlocal originating depository institution and the business day on which such funds are available for withdrawal.
(3) TIME PERIOD ADJUSTMENTS FOR CASH WITHDRAWAL OF CERTAIN CHECKS.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), funds deposited in an account in a depository institution by check (other than a check described in subsection (a)(2)) shall be available for cash withdrawal not later than the business day after the business day on which such funds otherwise are available under paragraph (1) or (2).
(B) 5 P.M. CASH AVAILABILITY.—Not more than $400 (or the maximum amount allowable in the case of a withdrawal from an automated teller machine but not more than $400) of funds deposited by one or more checks to which this paragraph applies shall be available for cash withdrawal not later than 5 o'clock post meridian of the business day on which such funds are available under paragraph (1) or (2). If funds deposited by checks described in both paragraph (1) and paragraph (2) become available for cash withdrawal under this paragraph on the same business day, the limitation contained in this subparagraph shall apply to the aggregate amount of such funds.
(C) $100 AVAILABILITY.—Any amount available for withdrawal under this paragraph shall be in addition to the amount available under subsection (a)(2)(D).
(4) APPLICABILITY.—This subsection shall apply with respect to funds deposited by check in an account at a depository institution on or after September 1, 1990, except that the Board may, by regulation, make this subsection or any part of this subsection applicable earlier than September 1, 1990.
(c) TEMPORARY SCHEDULE.—
(1) AVAILABILITY OF LOCAL CHECKS.—
(A) IN GENERAL.—Subject to subparagraph (B) of this paragraph, subsections (a)(2), (d), and (e) of this section, and section 604, not more than 2 business days shall intervene between the business day on which funds are deposited in an account at a depository institution by a check drawn on a local originating depository institution and the business day on which such funds are available for withdrawal.
(B) TIME PERIOD ADJUSTMENT FOR CASH WITHDRAWAL OF CERTAIN CHECKS.—
(i) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in clause (ii), funds deposited in an account in a depository institution by check drawn on a local depository institution that is not a participant in the same check clearinghouse association as the receiving depository institution (other than a check described in subsection (a)(2)) shall be available for cash withdrawal not later than