101 STAT. 578		                        PUBLIC LAW 100-86—AUG. 10, 1987

  “(B) TRANSACTION ALLOWED IF NOT DISAPPROVED.—Unless
  the Corporation within such 60-day notice period disapproves
  the proposed holding company formation, or extends for another
  30 days the period during which such disapproval may be issued,
  the insured institution providing such notice may proceed with
  the transaction, if the requirements of paragraph (2) have been met.
	        “(C) GROUNDS FOR DISAPPROVAL.—The Corporation may disapprove
  any proposed holding company formation only if—
		 “(i) such disapproval is necessary to prevent unsafe or unsound practices;
		 “(ii) the financial or management resources of the insured institution
  involved warrant disapproval;
		 “(iii) the insured institution fails to furnish the information required under
  subparagraph (A); or
		 “(iv) the insured institution fails to comply with the requirement of
  paragraph (2).
	        “(D) RETENTION OF CAPITAL ASSETS.—In connection with the transaction
  described in paragraph (1), an insured institution may, subject to the
  approval of the Corporation, retain capital assets at the holding company
  level to the extent that such capital exceeds adequate reserves as prescribed
  pursuant to section 403(b) or the comparable provisions of State or Federal law.
  12 USC 1726.
	        “(4) OWNERSHIP.—Persons having ownership rights in the mutual
  institution pursuant to section 5(b)(1)(B) of the Home 12 USC 1464.
  Owners’ Loan Act of 1933 or State law shall have the same ownership rights
  with respect to the mutual holding company.
	        “(5) PERMITTED ACTIVITIES.—A mutual holding company may engage only
  in the following activities:
	        “(A) Investing in the stock of an insured institution.
	        “(B) Acquiring a mutual institution through the merger of such institution
  into an insured institution subsidiary of such holding company or an interim
  savings institution subsidiary of such holding company.
	        “(C) Subject to paragraph (6), merging with or acquiring another holding
  company, one of whose subsidiaries is an insured institution.
	        “(D) Investing in a corporation the capital stock of which is available
  for purchase by an insured institution under Federal law or under the law of
  any State where the subsidiary insured institution or institutions have their
  home offices.
	        “(E) Engaging in the activities described in subsection (c)(2), except
  subparagraph (B).
	        “(6) LIMITATIONS ON CERTAIN ACTIVITIES OF ACQUIRED HOLDING
  COMPANIES.—
	        “(A) NEW ACTIVITIES.—If a mutual holding company acquires or merges
  with another holding company under paragraph (5)(C), the holding company acquired
  or the holding company resulting from such merger or acquisition may only invest in
  assets and engage in activities which are authorized under paragraph (5).
	        “(B) GRACE PERIOD FOR DIVESTING PROHIBITED ASSETS OR DISCONTINUING
  PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES.—Not later than 2 years following a merger or
  acquisition described in para-