PUBLIC LAW 100-86-AUG. 10, 1987                                   101 STAT. 659

" (c) No EFFECT ON UNDERLYING OBLIGATION.—Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect the underlying obligation of the United States, or any agency thereof, for which a Treasury check was issued.".

SEC. 1004. LIMITATION ON RECLAMATION ACTIONS AND CLAIMS.

(a) IN GENERAL.-Section 3712(a) of title 31, United States Code, is amended to read as follows:

" (a) CLAIMS OVER FORGED OR UNAUTHORIZED ENDORSEMENTS. 
" (1) PERIOD FOR CLAIMS.-If the Secretary of the Treasury determines that a Treasury check has been paid over a forged or unauthorized endorsement, the Secretary may reclaim the amount of such check from the presenting bank or any other endorser that has breached its guarantee of endorsements prior to- 
"(A) the end of the 1-year period beginning on the date of payment; or 
"(B) the expiration of the 180-day period beginning on the close of the period described in subparagraph (A) if a timely claim is received under section 3702.

" (2) CIVIL ACTIONS.--(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the United States may bring a civil action to enforce the liability of an endorser, transferor, depository, or fiscal agent on a forged or unauthorized signature or endorsement on, or a change in, a check or warrant issued by the Secretary of the Treasury, the United States Postal Service, or any disbursing official or agent not later than 1 year after a check or warrant is presented to the drawee for payment.
"(B) If the United States has given an endorser written notice of a claim against the endorser within the time allowed by subparagraph (A), the 1-year period for bringing a civil action on that claim under subparagraph (A) shall be extended by 3 years.

" (3) EFFECT ON AGENCY AUTHORITY.--Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to limit the authority of any agency under subchapter II of chapter 37 of this title."

(b) CLAIMS PRESENTED TO AGENCIES.--Section 3702(c) of title 31, United States Code, is amended to read as follows:
" (c) ONE-YEAR LIMIT FOR CHECK CLAIMS.--(1) Any claim on account of a Treasury check shall be barred unless it is presented to the agency that authorized the issuance of such check within 1 year after the date of issuance of the check or the effective date of this subsection, whichever is later.
"(2) Nothing in this subsection affects the underlying obligation of the United States, or any agency thereof, for which a Treasury check was issued.".

SEC. 1005. REGULATIONS.
The Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe such rules, regulations, and procedures as the Secretary deems necessary to implement the amendments made by sections 1002, 1003, and 1004, including the recertification of Treasury checks which have been canceled or for which a claim has been asserted or barred.

SEC. 1006. EFFECTIVE DATE.
The amendments made by sections 1002, 1003, and 1004 shall become effective 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act or