101 STAT. 556

PUBLIC LAW 100-86—AUG. 10, 1987

    “(i) engages only in trust, fiduciary, and agency 
activities in which it was lawfully engaged on March 5,
1987;
    “(ii) engages in such activities only at the same
number of locations at which such activities were con-
ducted on such date;
    “(iii) does not accept demand deposits other than
demand deposits which are maintained by such institu-
tion in—
        “(I) a trust or fiduciary capacity;
        “(II) the institution’s capacity as a custodian or 
        as paying, transfer, shareholder servicing, securi- 
        ties clearing, escrow, or dividend disbursing agent;
        or
        “(III) any capacity which is incidental to the
         trust or fiduciary activities of the institution;
    “(iv) does not engage in the business of making
commercial loans;
    “(v) does not exercise discount or borrowing privi-
leges pursuant to section 19(b)(7) of the Federal Reserve
Act; and
    12 USC 461.
    “(vi) is not directly or indirectly controlled by any
company other than a company which directly or in-
directly controlled such institution on March 5, 1987.
    “(J) A savings bank (as defined in section 3(g) of the
Federal Deposit Insurance Act) which—
        Post, p. 563.
        “(i) is an insured bank (as defined in section 3(h) of
        such Act);
        “(ii) is a subsidiary of the Great Western Financial
        Corporation as a result of an approval in writing by the
        State bank supervisor of the State of New York before
        June 30, 1987;
        “(iii) meets or exceeds the investment requirements
        which an insured institution must meet in order to be a
        qualified thrift lender under section 408(o) of the 
        National Housing Act; and
            Post, p. 571.
        "(iv) does not, directly, or through insurance products
        such savings bank receives from or provides to the
        Great Western Financial Corporation, engage in the
        sale or underwriting of insurance,
        except that this subparagraph shall cease to apply with
        respect to such savings bank or any successor institution if 
        any deposits of any other subsidiary or affiliate of the Great
        Western Financial Corporation which are subject to an 
        assessment of an insurance premium under subsection (b)
        or (c) of section 404 of the National Housing Act are,
        directly or indirectly by any device whatsoever, transferred
        to or acquired by such savings bank or any successor
        institution which would have the effect of materially reduc-
        ing such premium assessments. The exemption provided by
            Post, p. 601.
        this subparagraph shall cease to apply if Great Western
        Financial Corporation uses such savings bank or any
        successor institution as a vehicle to move such Corpora-
        tion from Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation
        insurance to Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
        insurance.