107 STAT. 2396         PUBLIC LAW 103-204—DEC. 17, 1993

section (r), and the terms 'minority' has the meaning given such term in section 1204(c)(3) of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989."

(2) FDIC.—Section 40(g)(1)(B) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831q(g)(1)(B)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentences: "The Corporation shall periodically provide, to a wide range of minority- and women-owned businesses engaged in providing affordable housing and to nonprofit organizations, more than 50 percent of the control of which is held by 1 or more minority individuals, that are engaged in providing affordable housing, information that is sufficient to inform such businesses and organizations of the availability and terms of financing under this subparagraph; such information may be provided directly, by notices published in periodicals and other publications that regularly provide information to such businesses or organizations, and through persons and organizations that regularly provide information or services to such businesses or organizations.  For purposes of this subparagraph, the terms 'women-owned business and 'minority-owned business' have the meanings given such terms in section 21A(r) of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act, and the term 'minority' has the meaning given such term in section 1204(c)(3) of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989."
(e) AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT UNIFIED AFFORDABLE HOUSING PROGRAM.—
    (1) RTC.—Section 21A(c) of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1441a(c)) is amended by adding after paragraph (16) (as added by subsection (a) of this section) the following new paragraph:
        (17) UNIFIED AFFORDABLE HOUSING PROGRAM.—
            (A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 4 months after the date of enactment of the Resolution Trust Corporation Completion Act, the Corporation shall enter into an agreement, as described in section 40(n)(3) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation that sets out a plan for the orderly unification of the Corporation's activities, authorities, and responsibilities under this subsection with the authorities, activities, and responsibilities of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation pursuant to section 40 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act in a manner that best achieves an effective and comprehensive affordable housing program management structure. The agreement shall be entered into after consultation with the Affordable Housing Advisory Board under section 14(b) of the Resolution Trust Corporation Completion Act.
            (B) AUTHORITY AND IMPLEMENTATION.—The Corporation shall have the authority to carry out the provisions of the agreement entered into pursuant to subparagraph (A) and shall implement such agreement as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 8 months after the date of enactment of the Resolution Trust Corporation Completion Act.
            (C) TRANSFER OF AUTHORITY.—Effective upon October 1, 1995, any remaining authority and responsibilities of