107 STAT. 2412      PUBLIC LAW 103-204—DEC. 17, 1993

“(3) TREATMENT OF UNAUTHORIZED CONTRACTS.—A contract described in paragraph (1) that fails to meet the requirements of this section—
“(A) shall be null and void; and
“(B) shall not be enforced against the Corporation or its agents by any court.
“(4) INCLUSION OF NOTICE IN CONTRACT TERMS.—Each written contract described in paragraph (1) shall contain a clear and conspicuous statement (in boldface type) in immediate proximity to the space reserved for the signatures of the contracting parties as follows:
“Only warranted contracting officers appointed by the Resolution Trust Corporation or managing agents of associations under the conservatorship of the Resolution Trust Corporation have the authority to execute contracts on behalf of the Resolution Trust Corporation. Such persons have certain limits on their contracting authority. The nature and extent of their contracting authority levels are published in the Federal Register.
“A warranted contracting officer or a managing agent must present identification in the form of a signed certificate of appointment (or an authenticated copy of such certificate) or other identification, as required by the Corporation, prior to executing any contract on behalf of the Resolution Trust Corporation.
“Any contract that is not executed by a warranted contracting officer or the managing agent of a savings association under the conservatorship of the Resolution Trust Corporation, acting in conformity with his or her contracting authority, shall be null and void, and will not be enforceable by any court.”
(5) NOTICE OF REQUIREMENTS.—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Corporation shall publish notice in the Federal Register of— 
“(A) the requirements for appointment by the Corporation as a warranted contracting officer; and
“(B) the nature and extent of the contracting authority to be exercised by any warranted contracting officer or managing agent.
“(6) EXCEPTION.—This section does not apply to—
“(A) any contract between the Corporation and any other person governing the purchase or assumption by that person of—
“(i) the ownership of a savings association under the conservatorship of the Corporation; or
“(ii) the assets or liabilities of a savings association under the conservatorship or receivership of the Corporation; or
“(B) any contract executed by the Inspector General of the Corporation (or any designee thereof) for the provision of goods or services to the Office of the Inspector General of the Corporation.
(7) EXECUTION OF CONTRACTS.—For purposes of this subsection, the execution of a contract includes all modifications to such contract.
“(8) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The requirements of this subsection shall apply to all contracts described in paragraph (1) executed