107 STAT. 2382

PUBLIC LAW 103-204—DEC. 17, 1993

with respect to such employee by taking into account only the annual rate of basic pay and benefits, including any regional pay differential, payable to such employee in such employee’s regular grade or position of employment.

“(8) DEFINITIONS.—
“(A) ALLOWANCES.—For purposes of paragraph (5), the term 'allowances' does not include any allowance for travel and subsistence expenses incurred by an employee while away from home or designated post of duty on official business.
“(B) EMPLOYEE.— For purposes of this subsection and sections 4302, 4502, 4503, and 4505a of title 5, United States Code (as applicable with respect to this subsection), the term ‘employee’ includes any officer or employee assigned to the Corporation under subsection (b)(8) and any officer or employee of the Thrift Depositor Protection Oversight Board.”.
(b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.—
(1) AMENDMENT TO TITLE 5.—Section 5314 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking the following item:
“chief executive officer of the Resolution Trust Corporation.”.
(2) FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK ACT AMENDMENT.—Section 21A(a)(6) of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1441a(a)(6)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
“(K) To establish the rate of basic pay, benefits, and other compensation for the chief executive officer of the Corporation.”.

12 USC 1441a note.

SEC. 6. FDIC—RTC TRANSITION TASK FORCE.

(a) ESTABLISHMENT REQUIRED.—The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Resolution Trust Corporation shall establish an interagency transition task force. The task force shall facilitate the transfer of the assets, personnel, and operations of the Resolution Trust Corporation to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or the FSLIC Resolution Fund, as the case may be, in a coordinated manner.
(b) MEMBERS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—The transition task force shall consist of such number of officers and employees of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Resolution Trust Corporation as the Chairperson of the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the chief executive officer of the Resolution Trust Corporation may jointly determine to be appropriate.
(2) APPOINTMENT.—The Chairperson of the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the chief executive officer of the Resolution Trust Corporation shall appoint the members of the transition task force.
(3) NO ADDITIONAL PAY.—Members of the transition task force shall receive no additional pay, allowances, or benefits by reason of their service on the task force.
(c) DUTIES.—The transition task force shall have the following duties:
(1) Examine the operations of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Resolution Trust Corporation to iden