PUBLIC LAW 103-204-DEC. 17, 1993                                                                  107 STAT. 2415

to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the status of its efforts to monitor and improve the collection of fines and restitution in cases involving fraud and other criminal activity in and against the financial services industry.
(b) CONTENTS.-The report required under subsection (a) shall include-
(1) information on the amount of fines and restitution assessed in cases involving fraud and other criminal activity in and against the financial services industry, the amount of such fines and restitution collected, and an explanation of any difference in those amounts;
(2) an explanation of the procedures for collecting and monitoring restitution assessed in cases involving fraud and other criminal activity in and against the financial services industry and any suggested improvements to such procedures;
(3) an explanation of the availability under any provision of law of punitive measures if restitution and fines assessed in such cases are not paid;
(4) information concerning the efforts by the Department of Justice to comply with guidelines for fine and restitution collection and reporting procedures developed by the inter-agency group established by the Attorney General in accordance with section 2539 of the Crime Control Act of 1990;
(5) any recommendations for additional resources or legislation necessary to improve collection efforts; and
(6) information concerning the status of the National Fine Center of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts.

SEC. 35. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.
The Resolution Trust Corporation shall provide semi-annual reports to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs of the House of Representatives. Such reports shall-
(1) detail procedures for expediting the registration and contracting for selecting auctioneers for asset sales with anticipated gross proceeds of not more than $1,500,000;
(2) list by name and geographic area the number of auction contractors which have been registered and qualified to perform services for the Resolution Trust Corporation; and
(3) list by name, address of home office, location of assets disposed, and gross proceeds realized, the number of auction contractors which have been awarded contracts.

SEC. 36. CONTINUATION OF CONSERVATORSHIPS OR RECEIVERSHIPS.
Section 21A(b)(6) of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1441a(b)(6)) is amended-
(1) by striking “If the Corporation” and inserting the following:
   “(A) IN GENERAL.-If the Corporation”; and
(2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph:
   “(B) SAIF-INSURED BANKS.-Notwithstānding any other provision of Federal or State law, if the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation is appointed as conservator or receiver for any Savings Association Insurance Fund member that has converted to a bank charter and otherwise meets the criteria in paragraph (3)(A) or (6)(A), the Federal