107 STAT. 2374           PUBLIC LAW 103-204—DEC. 17, 1993

Reports.               Corporation's response to the findings and rec-
                        ommendations.
                          "(iii) Maintain a close working relationship with
                        the inspector general of the Corporation and the
                        Comptroller General of the United States.
                          "(iv) Regularly report the findings and any rec-
                        ommendation of the audit committee to the Corporation
                        and the Thrift Depositor Protection Oversight Board.
                          "(v) Monitor the financial operations of the Cor-
                        poration and report any incipient problem identified
                        by the audit committee to the Corporation and the
                        Thrift Depositor Protection Oversight Board.
                         "(C) Federal Advisory Committee Act not applicable.—The audit committee is not an advisory
                        committee within the meaning of section 3(2) of the Federal
                        Advisory Committee Act.
                       "(9) Corrective responses to audit problems.—The Cor-
                       poration shall—
                          "(A) respond to problems identified by auditors of the
                        Corporation's financial and asset-disposition operations,
                        including problems identified in audit reports by the inspec-
                        tor general of the Corporation, the Comptroller General
                        of the United States, and the audit committee; or
                          "(B) certify to the Thrift Depositor Protection Oversight
                        Board that no action is necessary or appropriate.
                       "(10) Assistant General Counsel for professional
                      liability.—
                          "(A) Appointment.—The Corporation shall appoint,
                        within the division of legal services of the Corporation,
                        an assistant general counsel for professional liability.
                          "(B) Duties.—The assistant general counsel for profes-
                        sional liability shall—
                             "(i) direct the investigation, evaluation, and
                              prosecution of all professional liability claims involving
                              the Corporation; and
                             "(ii) supervise all legal, investigative, and other
                              personnel and contractors involved in the litigation
                              of such claims.
                          "(C) Semiannual reports to the congress.—The
                        assistant general counsel for professional liability shall sub-
                        mit to the Congress a comprehensive litigation report, not
                        later than—
                             "(i) April 30 of each year for the 6-month period
                              ending on March 31 of that year; and
                             "(ii) October 31 of each year for the 6-month period
                              ending on September 30 of that year.
                          "(D) Contents of reports.—The semiannual reports
                        required under subparagraph (C) shall each address the
                        activities of the counsel for professional liability under
                        subparagraph (B) and all civil actions—
                             "(i) in which the Corporation is a party, which
                              are filed against—
                               "(I) directors or officers of depository institu-
                              tions described in subsection (b)(3)(A); or
                               "(II) attorneys, accountants, appraisers, or
                              other licensed professionals who performed profes-
                              sional services for such depository institutions; and