PUBLIC LAW 103-204-DEC. 17, 1993

107 STAT. 2383

tify, evaluate, and resolve differences in the operations of the corporations to facilitate an orderly merger of such operations.

(2) Recommend which of the management, resolution, or asset disposition systems of the Resolution Trust Corporation should be preserved for use by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.

(3) Recommend procedures to be followed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Resolution Trust Corporation in connection with the transition which will promote—
(A) coordination between the corporations before the termination of the Resolution Trust Corporation; and
(B) an orderly transfer of assets, personnel, and operations.

(4) Evaluate the management enhancement goals applicable to the Resolution Trust Corporation under section 21A(p) of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act and recommend which of such goals should apply to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.

(5) Evaluate the management reforms applicable to the Resolution Trust Corporation under section 21A(w) of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act and recommend which of such reforms should apply to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.

(d) REPORTS To BANKING COMMITTEES.—

(1) REPORTS REQUIRED.—The transition task force shall submit a report to the Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate not later than January 1, 1995, and a second report not later than July 1, 1995, on the progress made by the transition task force in meeting the requirements of this section.

(2) CONTENTS OF REPORT.—The reports required to be submitted under paragraph (1) shall contain the findings and recommendations made by the transition task force in carrying out the duties of the task force under subsection (c) and such recommendations for legislative and administrative action as the task force may determine to be appropriate.

(e) FOLLOWUP REPORT BY FDIC.—Not later than January 1, 1996, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation shall submit a report to the Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate containing—
(1) a description of the recommendations of the transition task force which have been adopted by the Corporation;
(2) a description of the recommendations of the transition task force which have not been adopted by the Corporation;
(3) a detailed explanation of the reasons why the Corporation did not adopt each recommendation described in paragraph (2); and
(4) a description of the actions taken by the Corporation to comply with section 21A(m)(3) of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act.

SEC. 7. AMENDMENTS RELATING TO THE TERMINATION OF THE RTC.
(a) AMENDMENT RELATING TO TRANSFER OF PERSONNEL AND SYSTEMS.—Section 21A(m) of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act