PUBLIC LAW 103-204-DEC. 17, 1993	107 STAT. 2411

available to the Savings Association Insurance Fund under
this Act were used.
(b) TIME FOR SUBMISSION.-The reports described in subsection
(a) shall be transmitted-
(1) not later than 45 days after the final expenditure of
funds provided for under this Act by the Resolution Trust
Corporation; and
(2) not later than 45 days after the final expenditure of
funds authorized to be provided under this Act by the Savings
Association Insurance Fund.

SEC. 29. GENERAL COUNSEL OF THE RESOLUTION TRUST CORPORA-
TION.
Section 21A(b)(8) of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act (12
U.S.C. 1441a(b)(8)) is amended by adding after subparagraph (F)
(as added by section 24 of this Act) the following new subparagraph:
"(G) GENERAL COUNSEL.-There is established the
Office of General Counsel of the Corporation. The chief
executive officer, with the concurrence of the Chairperson
of the Thrift Depositor Protection Oversight Board, may
appoint the general counsel, who shall be an employee
of the Federal Deposit Mortgage Corporation, in accordance
with subparagraph (B)(i). The general counsel shall perform
such duties as the chief executive officer may require.".

SEC. 30. AUTHORITY TO EXECUTE CONTRACTS.

Section 21A of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C.
1441a) is amended by adding after subsection (x) (as added by
section 5 of this Act) the following new subsection:
"(y) AUTHORITY TO EXECUTE CONTRACTS.-
"(1) AUTHORIZED PERSONS.-A person may execute a con-
tract on behalf of the Corporation for the provision of goods
or services only if-
(A) that person-
(i) is a warranted contracting officer appointed
by the Corporation, or is a managing agent of a savings
association under the conservatorship of the Corpora-
tion; and
(ii) provides appropriate certification or other
identification, as required by the Corporation in accord-
ance with paragraph (2);
"(B) the notice described in paragraph (4) is included
in the written contract; and
"(C) that person has appropriate authority to execute
the contract on behalf of the Corporation in accordance
with the notice published by the Corporation in accordance
with paragraph (5).
"(2) PRESENTATION OF IDENTIFICATION.-Prior to executing
any contract described in paragraph (1) with any person, a
warranted contracting officer or managing agent shall present
to that person-
(A) a valid certification of appointment (or such other
identification as may be required by the Corporation) that
is signed by the appropriate officer of the Corporation;
or
(B)a copy of such certificate, authenticated by the
Corporation.