107 STAT. 2394	 PUBLIC LAW 103-204—DEC. 17, 1993

grams related to the provision of affordable housing, including the operation of the affordable programs. 
(2) MEMBERSHIP.—The Advisory Board shall consist of— 
(A) the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development; 
(B) the Chairperson of the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (or the Chairperson’s delegate), who shall be a nonvoting member;
(C) the Chairperson of the Thrift Depositor Protection Oversight Board (or the Chairperson’s delegate), who shall be a nonvoting member; 
(D) 4 persons appointed by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development not later than the expiration of the 90-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, who represent the interests of individuals and organizations involved in using the affordable housing programs (including nonprofit organizations, public agencies, and for-profit organizations that purchase properties under the affordable housing programs, organizations that provide technical assistance regarding the affordable housing programs, and organizations that represent the interests of low- and moderate-income families); and 
(E) 2 persons who are members of the National Housing Advisory Board pursuant to section 21A(d)(2)(B)(ii) of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act (as in effect before the effective date of the repeal under subsection (c)(2)), who shall be appointed by such Board before such effective date. 
(3) TERMS.—Each member shall be appointed for a term of 4 years, except as provided in paragraphs (4) and (5). 
(4) TERMS OF INITIAL APPOINTEES.— 
(A) PERMANENT POSITIONS.—As designated by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development at the time of appointment, of the members first appointed under paragraph (2)(D)—

(i) 1 shall be appointed for a term of 1 year; 
(ii) 1 shall be appointed for a term of 2 years; 
(iii) 1 shall be appointed for a term of 3 years; and 
(iv) 1 shall be appointed for a term of 4 years. 
(B) INTERIM MEMBERS.—The members of the Advisory Board under paragraph (2)(E) shall be appointed for a single term of 4 years, which shall begin upon the earlier of (i) the expiration of the 90-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, or (ii) the first meeting of the Advisory Board. 
(5) VACANCIES.—Any member appointed to fill a vacancy occurring before the expiration of the term for which the member’s predecessor was appointed shall be appointed only for the remainder of that term. A member may serve after the expiration of that member’s term until a successor has taken office. A vacancy in the Commission shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. 
(6) MEETINGS.— 
(A) TIMING AND LOCATION.—The Advisory Board shall meet 4 times a year, or more frequently if requested by the Thrift Depositor Protection Oversight Board or the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-