107 STAT. 2378

PUBLIC LAW 103-204—DEC. 17, 1993

"(B) COST TO TAXPAYER.—Nothing in this Act, or any other provision of law, shall supersede the Corporation's primary duty of minimizing costs to the taxpayer and maximizing the total return to the Government.
"(20) MANAGEMENT OF LEGAL SERVICES.—To improve the management of legal services, the Corporation—
"(A) shall utilize staff counsel when such utilization would provide the same level of quality in legal services as the use of outside counsel at the same or a lower estimated cost; and
"(B) may only employ outside counsel—
"(i) if the use of outside counsel would provide the most practicable, efficient, and cost-effective resolution to the action; and
"(ii) under a negotiated fee, contingent fee, or competitively bid fee agreement.
"(21) CLIENT RESPONSIVENESS UNITS.—The Corporation shall ensure that every regional office of the Corporation maintains a client responsiveness unit responsible to the Corporation's ombudsman."
(b) BORROWER APPEALS.—Section 21A(b)(4) of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1441a(b)(4)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph:
 "(C) APPEALS.—The Corporation shall implement and maintain a program, in a manner acceptable to the Thrift Depositor Protection Oversight Board, to provide an appeals process for business and commercial borrowers to appeal decisions by the Corporation (when acting as a conservator) which would have the effect of terminating or otherwise adversely affecting credit or loan agreements, lines of credit, and similar arrangements with such borrowers who have not defaulted on their obligations."
12 USC 1441a 
note. (c) GAO STUDY OF PROGRESS OF IMPLEMENTATION OF REFORMS.—
(1) STUDY REQUIRED.—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of the manner in which the reforms required pursuant to the amendment made by subsection (a) are being implemented by the Resolution Trust Corporation and the progress being made by the Corporation toward the achievement of full compliance with such requirements.
(2) INTERIM REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit an interim report to the Congress containing the preliminary findings of the Comptroller General in connection with the study required under paragraph (1).
(3) FINAL REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Congress containing—
(A) the findings of the Comptroller General in connection with the study required under paragraph (1); and
(B) such recommendations for legislative and administrative action as the Comptroller General may determine to be appropriate.
(4) DISCLOSURE OF PERFORMING ASSET TRANSFERS.—