PUBLIC LAW 94-200—DEC. 31, 1975  

any other depository institution not referred to in this paragraph or paragraph (2) or (3) of this subsection, by the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation;
(2) section 5(d) of the Home Owners' Loan Act of 1933, section 407 of the National Housing Act, and sections 6(i) and 17 of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act, by the Federal Home Loan Bank Board (acting directly or through the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation), in the case of any institution subject to any of those provisions; and  
(3) the Federal Credit Union Act, by the Administrator of the National Credit Union Administration with respect to any credit using union. 

(c) For the purpose of the exercise by any agency referred to in subsection (b) of its powers under any Act referred to in that subsection, a violation of any requirement imposed under this title shall be deemed to be a violation of a requirement imposed under that Act. In addition to its powers under any provision of law specifically referred to in subsection (b), each of the agencies referred to in that subsection may exercise, for the purpose of enforcing compliance with any requirement imposed under this title, any other authority conferred on it by law.

RELATION TO STATE LAWS

SEC. 306. (a) This title does not annul, alter, or affect, or exempt any State chartered depository institution subject to the provisions of this title from complying with the laws of any State or subdivision thereof with respect to public disclosure and recordkeeping by depository institutions, except to the extent that those laws are inconsistent with any provision of this title, and then only to the extent of the inconsistency. The Board is authorized to determine whether such inconsistencies exist. The Board may not determine that any such law is inconsistent with any provision of this title if the Board determines that such law requires the maintenance of records with greater geographic or other detail than is required under this title, or that such law otherwise provides greater disclosure than is required under this title. 

(b) The Board may by regulation exempt from the requirements of this title any State chartered depository institution within any State or subdivision thereof if it determines that, under the law of such State or subdivision, that institution is subject to requirements substantially similar to those imposed under this title, and that such law contains adequate provisions for enforcement. Notwithstanding any other provision of this subsection, compliance with the requirements imposed under this subsection shall be enforced under—

(1) Section 8 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act in the case of national banks, by the Comptroller of the Currency; and 
(2) Section 5(d) of the Home Owners' Loan Act of 1933 in the case of any institution subject to that provision, by the Federal Home Loan Bank Board.

RESEARCH AND IMPROVED METHODS 

SEC. 307. (a) (1) The Federal Home Loan Bank Board, with the assistance of the Secretary, the Director of the Bureau of the Census, the Comptroller of the Currency, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and