89 STAT. 1126               PUBLIC LAW 94-200-DEC. 31, 1975

(2) The information required to be maintained and made available
under paragraph (1) shall also be itemized in order to clearly and
conspicuously disclose the following:
   (A) The number and dollar amount for each item referred to
   in paragraph (1), by census tracts, where readily available at a
   reasonable cost, as determined by the Board, otherwise by ZIP
   code, for borrowers, under mortgage loans secured by property
   located within that standard metropolitan statistical area.
   (B) The number and dollar amount for each item referred to
   in paragraph (1) for all such mortgage loans which are secured
   by property located outside that standard metropolitan statistical
   area.
For the purpose of this paragraph, a depository institution which
maintains offices in more than one standard metropolitan statistical
area shall be required to make the information required by this par-
agraph available at any such office only to the extent that such infor-
mation relates to mortgage loans which were originated or purchased
by an office of that depository institution located in the standard met-
ropolitan statistical area in which the office making such information
available is located. 

   (b) Any item of information relating to mortgage loans required
to be maintained under subsection (a) shall be further itemized in
order to disclose for each such item—
      (1) the number and dollar amount of mortgage loans which
      are insured under title II of the National Housing Act or under 
      title V of the Housing Act of 1949 or which are guaranteed under 
      chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code;
      (2) the number and dollar amount of mortgage loans made to
      mortgagors who did not, at the time of execution of the mortgage,
      intend to reside in the property securing the mortgage loan; and
      (3) the number and dollar amount of home improvement loans. 
   
   12 USC 1707.
42 USC 1471.
38 USC 1801 et seq.
   
   (c) Any information required to be compiled and made available
under this section shall be maintained and made available for a period
of five years after the close of the first year during which such informa-
tion is required to be maintained and made available. 

ENFORCEMENT
Regulations.         Sec. 305. (a) The Board shall prescribe such regulations as may be
12 USC 2804.     necessary to carry out the purposes of this title. These regulations
may contain such classifications, differentiations, or other provisions,
and may provide for such adjustments and exceptions for any class
of transactions, as in the judgment of the Board are necessary and
proper to effectuate the purposes of this title, and prevent circumven-
tion or evasion thereof, or to facilitate compliance therewith. 
Compliance.     (b) Compliance with the requirements imposed under this title
shall be enforced under— 
  12 USC 1818.     (1) section 8 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, in the case
                          of—
                          (A) national banks, by the Comptroller of the Currency;
                          (B) member banks of the Federal Reserve System, other
                          than national banks, by the Board;
                          (C) banks insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-
                          poration (other than members of the Federal Reserve Sys-
                          tem) and mutual savings banks as defined in section 3(f) of
                          the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813 (f)) and