82 STAT. ]

PUBLIC LAW 90-321 - MAY 29, 1968

157

§ 130. Civil liability
(a) Except as otherwise provided in this section, any creditor who
fails in connection with any consumer credit transaction to disclose to
any person any information required under this chapter to be disclosed
to that person is liable to that person in an amount equal to the sum of—
(1) twice the amount of the finance charge in connection with
the transaction, except that the liability under this paragraph shall
not be less than $100 nor greater than $1,000; and

(2) in the case of any successful action to enforce the foregoing
liaibility, the costs of the action together with a reasonable attor-   
ney's fee as determined by the court.

(b) A creditor has no liabillty under this section if within fifteen
days after discovering an error, and prior to the Institution of an ac-
tion under this section or the receipt of written notice of the error, the 
creditor notifies the person concerned of the error and makes whatever
adjustments in the appropriate account are necessary to insure that the
person will not be required to pay a finance charge In excess of the
amount or percentage rate actually disclosed.

(c) A creditor may not be held liable in any action brought under
this section for a violation of this chapter if the creditor shows by a
preponderance of evidence that the violation was not intentional and 
resulted from a bona fide error notwithstanding the maintenance of 
procedures reasonably adapted to avoid any such error.

(d) Any action which may be brought under this section against 
the original creditor in any credit transaction involving a security 
interest in real property may be maintained against any subsequent 
assignee of the original creditor where the assignee, its subsidiaries, or 
affiliates were in a continuing business relationship with the original 
creditor either at the time the credit was extend or at the time of the 
assignment, unless the assignment was involuntary, or the assignee 
shows by a preponderance of evidence that it did not have reasonable 
grounds to believe that the original creditor was engaged in violations 
of this chapter, and that it maintained procedures reasonably adapted 
to apprise it of the existence of any such violations. 

(e) Any action under this section may be brought in any United 
States district court, or in any other court of competent jurisdiction,
within one year from the date of the occurrence of the violation.

§ 131. Written acknowledgment as proof of receipt

Except as provided in section 125(c) and except in the case of 
actions brought under section 130(d), in any action or proceeding by 
or against any subsequent assignee of the original creditor without 
knowledge to the contrary by the assignee when he acquires the obli- 
gation, written acknowledgment of receipt by a person to whom a 
statement is required to be given pursuant to this title shall be conclu- 
sive proof of the delivery thereof and, unless the violation is apparent 
on the face of the statement, of compliance with this chapter. This
section does not affect the rights of the obligor in any action against
the original creditor.

CHAPTER 3—CREDIT ADVERTISING

Sec.
141. Catalogs and multiple-page advertisements.
142. Advertising of downpayments and installments.
143. Advertising of open end credit plans.
144. Advertising of credit other than open end plans.
145. Nonliability of media.