166

PUBLIC LAW 90-321-MAY 29, 1968

[82 STAT.

research or surveys, the preparation of reports, and other activities necessary to the discharge of its duties.
(e) When the Commission finds that publication of any information obtained by it is in the public interest and would not give an unfair competitive advantage to any person, it may publish the information in the form and manner deemed best adapted for public use, except that data and information which would separately disclose the business transactions of any person, trade secrets, or names of customers shall be held confidential and shall not be disclosed by the Commission or its staff. The Commission shall permit business firms or individuals reasonable access to documents furnished by them for the purpose of obtaining or copying those documents as need may arise.
(f) The Commission may delegate any of its functions to individual members of the Commission or to designated individuals on its staff and to make such rules and regulations as are necessary for the conduct of its business, except as otherwise provided in this title.

ยง 406. Administrative arrangements

(a) The Commission may, without regard to the provisions of title 5,
United States Code, relating to appointments in the competitive service or to classification and General Schedule pay rates, appoint and fix the compensation of an executive director. The executive director, with the approval of the Commission, shall employ and fix the compensation of such additional personnel as may be necessary to carry out the functions of the Commission, but no individual so appointed 5 USC 5332 may receive compensation in excess of the rate authorized for GS-18 note. under the General Schedule.
(b) The executive director, with the approval of the Commission, may obtain services in accordance with section 3109 of title 5 of the 80 Stat. 416 United States Code, but at rates for individuals not to exceed $100 Personnel per diem. detail.
(c) The head of any executive department or independent agency of the Federal Government may detail, on a reimbursable basis, any of its personnel to assist the Commission in carrying out its work.
(d) Financial and administrative services (including those related to budgeting and accounting, financial reporting, personnel, and procurement) shall be provided the Commission by the General Services Administration, for which payment shall be made in advance, or by reimbursement, from funds of the Commission in such amounts as may be agreed upon by the Chairman of the Commission and the Administrator of General Services. The regulations of the General Services Administration for the collection of indebtedness of personnel resulting from erroneous payments apply to the collection of erroneous payments made to or on behalf of a Commission employee, and regulations of that Administration for the administrative control of funds apply to appropriations of the Commission.

(e) Ninety days after submission of its final report, as provided in section 404 (b), the Commission shall cease to exist.

ยง 407. Authorization of appropriations

There are authorized to be appropriated such sums not in excess of $1,500,000 as may be necessary to carry out the provisions of this title. Any money so appropriated shall remain available to the Commission until the date of its expiration, as fixed by section 406(e).

TITLE V-GENERAL PROVISIONS

Sec.
501. Severability.
502. Captions and catchlines for reference only.
503. Grammatical usages.
504. Effective dates.