82 STAT. ]    PUBLIC LAW 90-321-MAY 29, 1968                       147

§ 103. Definitions and rules of construction
    (a) The definitions and rules of construction set forth in this section are applicable for the purposes of this title.
    (b) The term “Board” refers to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
    (c) The term “organization” means a corporation, government or governmental subdivision or agency, trust, estate, partnership, coopera¬tive, or association.
    (d) The term "person” means a natural person or an organization.
    (e) The term “credit” means the right granted by a creditor to a debtor to defer payment of debt or to incur debt and defer its payment.
    (f) The term “creditor” refers only to creditors who regularly ex¬tend, or arrange for the extension of, credit for which the payment of a finance charge is required, whether in connection with loans, sales of property or services, or otherwise. The provisions of this title apply to any such creditor, irrespective of his or its status as a natural person or any type of organization.
    (g) The term "credit sale” refers to any sale with respect to which credit is extended or arranged by the seller. The term includes any contract in the form of a bailment or lease if the bailee or lessee con¬tracts to pay as compensation for use a sum substantially equivalent to or in excess of the aggregate value of the property and services in¬volved and it is agreed that the bailee or lessee will become, or for no other or a nominal consideration has the option to become, the owner of the property upon full compliance with his obligations under the contract.
    (h) The adjective “consumer”, used with reference to a credit trans¬action, characterizes the transaction as one in which the party to whom credit is offered or extended is a natural person, and the money, prop¬erty, or services which are the subject of the transaction are primarily for personal, family, household, or agricultural purposes.
    (i) The term “open end credit plan” refers to a plan prescribing the terms of credit transactions which may be made thereunder from time to time and under the terms of which a finance charge may be computed on the outstanding unpaid balance from time to time thereunder.
    (j) The term “State” refers to any State, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the District of Columbia, and any territory or possession of the United States.
    (k) Any reference to any requirement imposed under this title or any provision thereof includes reference to the regulations of the Board under this title or the provision thereof in question.
    (1) The disclosure of an amount or percentage which is greater than the amount or percentage required to be disclosed under this title does not in itself constitute a violation of this title.

§ 104. Exempted transactions
This title does not apply to the following:
    (1) Credit transactions involving extensions of credit for busi¬ness or commercial purposes, or to government or governmental agencies or instrumentalities, or to organizations.
    (2) Transactions in securities or commodities accounts by a broker-dealer registered with the Securities and Exchange Com¬mission.
    (3) Credit transactions, other than real property transactions, in which the total amount to be financed exceeds $25,000.
    (4) Transactions under public utility tariffs, if the Board de¬termines that a State regulatory body regulates the charges for the public utility services involved, the charges for delayed payment, and any discount allowed for early payment.