82 Stat. ]

PUBLIC LAW 90-321-MAY 29, 1968

163

§ 301. Findings and purpose

(a) The Congress finds:

(1) The unrestricted garnishment of compensation due for per-
sonal services encourages the making of predatory extensions of
credit. Such extensions of credit divert money into excessive credit
payments and thereby hinder the production and flow of goods in
interstate commerce.

(2) The application of garnishment as a creditors’ remedy fre-
quently results in loss of employment by the debtor, and the result-
ing disruption of employment, production, and consumption
constitutes a substantial burden on interstate commerce.

(3) The great disparities among the laws of the several States
relating to garnishment have, in effect, destroyed the uniformity of
the bankruptcy laws and frustrated the purposes thereof in many
areas of the country.

(b) On the basis of the findings stated in subsection (a) of this sec-
tion, the Congress determines that the provisions of this title are neces-
sary and proper for the purpose of carrying into execution the powers
of the Congress to regulate commerce and to establish uniform bank-
ruptcy laws.

§ 302. Definitions

For the purposes of this title:

(a) The term “earnings” means compensation paid or payable for
personal services, whether denominated as wages, salary, commission,
bonus, or otherwise, and includes periodic payments pursuant to a
pension or retirement program.

(b) The term “disposable earnings” means that part of the earnings
of any individual remaining after the deduction from those earnings of
any amounts required by law to be withheld.

(c) The term “garnishment” means any legal or equitable procedure
through which the earnings of any individual are required to be with-
held for payment of any debt.

§ 303. Restriction on garnishment

(a) Except as provided in subsection (b) and in section 305, the
Maximum part of the aggregate disposable earnings of an individual
for any workweek which is subjected to garnishment may not exceed

(1) 25 per centum of his disposable earnings for that week, or

(2) the amount by which his disposable earnings for that week
exceed thirty times the Federal minimum hourly wage prescribed
by section 6(a)(1) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 in
       effect at the time the earnings are payable,
whichever is less. In the case of earnings for any pay period other than
a week, the Secretary of Labor shall by regulation prescribe a multiple
Of the Federal minimum hourly wage equivalent in effect to that set
forth in paragraph (2).

(b) The restrictions of subsection (a) do not apply in the case of

(1) any order of any court for the support of any person.

(2) any order of any court of bankruptcy under chapter XIII
       of the Bankruptcy Act.

(3) any debt due for any State or Federal tax.

(c) No court of the United States or any State may make, execute,
or enforce any order or process in violation of this section.

§ 304. Restriction on discharge from employment by reason of
garnishment

(a) No employer may discharge any employee by reason of the
fact that his earnings have been subjected to garnishment for any one
indebtedness.

80 Stat. 838.
29 USC 206.

52 Stat. 930.
11 USC 1001-1086.