collection practices is not available, then for the purpose of showing that words or other means of communication, shown to have been employed as a means of collection, in fact carried an express or implicit threat, the court may in its discretion allow evidence to be introduced tending to show the reputation of the defendant in any community of which the person against whom the alleged threat was made was a member at the time of the collection or attempt at collection.
"§ 895. Immunity of witnesses

"Whenever in the judgment of a United States attorney the testi­mony of any witness, or the production of books, papers, or other evi­dence by any witness in any case or proceeding before any grand jury or court of the United States involving any violation of this chapter is necessary to the public interest, he, upon the approval of the Attorney General or his designated representative, may make application to the court that the witness be instructed to testify or produce evidence subject to the provisions of this section. Upon order of the court the witness shall not be excused from testifying or from producing books, papers, or other evidence on the ground that the testimony or evidence required of him may tend to incriminate him or subject him to a penalty or forfeiture. But no such witness may be prosecuted or sub­jected to any penalty or forfeiture for or on account of any trans­action, matter, or thing concerning which he is compelled, after having claimed his privilege against self-incrimination, to testify or produce evidence, nor may testimony so compelled be used as evidence in any criminal proceeding against him in any court, except a prosecution for perjury or contempt committed while giving testimony or producing evidence under compulsion as provided in this section.
§ 896. Effect on State laws

"This chapter does not preempt any field of law with respect to which State legislation would be permissible in the absence of this chapter. No law of any State which would be valid in the absence of this chapter may be held invalid or, inapplicable by virtue of the existence of this chapter, and no officer, agency, or instrumentality of any State may be deprived by virtue of this chapter of any jurisdic­tion over any offense over which it would have jurisdiction in the absence of this chapter.”

(b) The table of chapters captioned "Part I—Crimes" at the begin­ning of part I of title 18 of the United States Code is amended by inserting 

"42. Extortionate credit transactions-------------------------------------------------- 891" immediately above 

"43. False personation----------------------------------------------------------- 911".

§ 203. Reports by Attorney General

The Attorney General shall make an annual report to Congress of the activities of the Department of Justice in the enforcement of chapter 42 of title 18 of the United States Code.


TITLE III—RESTRICTION ON GARNISHMENT

Sec.
301. Findings and purpose. 302. Definitions. 303. Restriction on garnishment. 304. Restriction on discharge from employment by reason of garnishment. 305. Exemption for State-regulated garnishments. 306. Enforcement by Secretary of Labor. 307. Effect on State laws.