164             PUBLIC LAW 90-321-MAY 29, 1968              [82 STAT.

Penalties.

(b) Whoever willfully violates subsection (a) of this section shall be
fined not more than $1,000, or imprisoned not more than one year, or
both.

§ 305. Exemption for State-regulated garnishments

The Secretary of Labor may by regulation exempt from the pro-
visions of section 303(a) garnishments issued under the laws of any
State if he determines that the laws of that State provide restrictions
on garnishment which are substantially similar to those provided in
section 303(a).

§ 306. Enforcement by Secretary of Labor

The Secretary of Labor, acting through the Wage and Hour Division
of the Department of Labor, shall enforce the provisions of this title.

§ 307. Effect on State laws

This title does not annul, alter, or affect, or exempt any person from
complying with, the laws of any State

(1) prohibiting garnishments or providing for more limited
garnishments than are allowed under this title, or

(2) prohibiting the discharge of any employee by reason of the
fact that his earnings have been subject to garnishment for
more than one indebtedness.

                    TITLE IV-NATIONAL COMMISSION ON
                           CONSUMER FINANCE
Sec.
401. Establishment.
402. Membership of the Commission.
403. Compensation of members.
404. Duties of the Commission.
405. Powers of the Commission.
406. Administrative arrangements.
407. Authorization of appropriations.

§ 401. Establishment

There is established a bipartisan National Commission on Consumer
Finance, referred to in this title as the "Commission".

§ 402. Membership of the Commission

(a) The Commission shall be composed of nine members, of whom
(1) three are Members of the Senate appointed by the President
     of the Senate;
(2) three are Members of the House of Representatives
     appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives; and
(3) three are persons not employed in a full-time capacity by
     the United States appointed by the President, one of whom he
      shall designate as Chairman.
(b)   A vacancy in the Commission does not affect its powers and
may be filled in the same manner as the original appointment.
(c) Five members of the Commission constitute a quorum.

§ 403. Compensation of members

(a) Members of Congress who are members of the Commission shall
serve without compensation in addition to that received for their serv-
ices as Members of Congress; but they shall be reimbursed for travel,
subsistence, and other necessary expenses incurred by them in the per-
formance of the duties vested in the Commission.
(b) Each member of the Commission who is appointed by the Presi-
dent may receive compensation at a rate of $100 for each day he is
engaged upon work of the Commission, and shall be reimbursed for
travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence as authorized