PUBLIC LAW 107–56—OCT. 26, 2001

by the individual or in any luggage, backpack, or other con-
tainer worn or carried by such individual.

“(b) PENALTY.—
“(1) TERM OF IMPRISONMENT.—A person convicted of a cur-
rency smuggling offense under subsection (a), or a conspiracy
to commit such offense, shall be imprisoned for not more than
5 years.
“(2) FORFEITURE.—In addition, the court, in imposing sen-
tence under paragraph (1), shall order that the defendant forfeit
to the United States, any property, real or personal, involved
in the offense, and any property traceable to such property,
subject to subsection (d) of this section.
“(3) PROCEDURE.—The seizure, restraint, and forfeiture of
property under this section shall be governed by section 413
of the Controlled Substances Act.
“(4) PERSONAL MONEY JUDGMENT.—If the property subject
to forfeiture under paragraph (2) is unavailable, and the defend-
ant has insufficient substitute property that may be forfeited
pursuant to section 413(p) of the Controlled Substances Act,
the court shall enter a personal money judgment against the
defendant for the amount that would be subject to forfeiture.
“(c) CIVIL FORFEITURE.—
“(1) IN GENERAL.—Any property involved in a violation
of subsection (a), or a conspiracy to commit such violation,
and any property traceable to such violation or conspiracy,
may be seized and, subject to subsection (d) of this section,
forfeited to the United States.
“(2) PROCEDURE.—The seizure and forfeiture shall be gov-
erned by the procedures governing civil forfeitures in money
laundering cases pursuant to section 981(a)(1)(A) of title 18,
United States Code.
“(3) TREATMENT OF CERTAIN PROPERTY AS INVOLVED IN THE
OFFENSE.—For purposes of this subsection and subsection (b),
any currency or other monetary instrument that is concealed
or intended to be concealed in violation of subsection (a) or
a conspiracy to commit such violation, any article, container,
or conveyance used, or intended to be used, to conceal or
transport the currency or other monetary instrument, and
any other property used, or intended to be used, to facilitate the
offense, shall be considered property involved in the offense.”.
(e) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections for subchapter
II of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by
inserting after the item relating to section 5331, as added by this
Act, the following new item:

“5332. Bulk cash smuggling into or out of the United States.”.

SEC. 372. FORFEITURE IN CURRENCY REPORTING CASES.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subsection (c) of section 5317 of title 31,
United States Code, is amended to read as follows:
“(c) FORFEITURE.—
“(1) CRIMINAL FORFEITURE.—
“(A) IN GENERAL.—The court in imposing sentence for
any violation of section 5313, 5316, or 5324 of this title,
or any conspiracy to commit such violation, shall order
the defendant to forfeit all property, real or personal,
involved in the offense and any property traceable thereto.