115 STAT. 392          PUBLIC LAW 107-56—OCT. 26, 2001
    (3) approximately 500,000 Sikhs reside in the United States 
 and are a vital part of the Nation;
    (4) Sikh-Americans stand resolutely in support of the
 commitment of our Government to bring the terrorists and 
 those that harbor them to justice;
    (5) the Sikh faith is a distinct religion with a distinct
 religious and ethnic identity that has its own places of worship 
 and a distinct holy text and religious tenets;
    (6) many Sikh-Americans, who are easily recognizable by
 their turbans and beards, which are required articles of their 
 faith, have suffered both verbal and physical assaults as a 
 result of misguided anger toward Arab-Americans and Muslim-
 Americans in the wake of the September 11, 2001 terrorist 
 attack;
    (7) Sikh-Americans, as do all Americans, condemn acts 
 of prejudice against any American; and
    (8) Congress is seriously concerned by the number of crimes 
 against Sikh-Americans and other Americans all across the 
 Nation that have been reported in the wake of the tragic 
 events that unfolded on September 11, 2001.
 (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—Congress—
    (1) declares that, in the quest to identify, locate, and bring 
 to justice the perpetrators and sponsors of the terrorist attacks 
 on the United States on September 11, 2001, the civil rights 
 and civil liberties of all Americans, including Sikh-Americans, 
 should be protected;
    (2) condemns bigotry and any acts of violence or discrimina- 
 tion against any Americans, including Sikh-Americans;
    (3) calls upon local and Federal law enforcement authorities 
 to work to prevent crimes against all Americans, including 
 Sikh-Americans; and
    (4) calls upon local and Federal law enforcement authorities 
 to prosecute to the fullest extent of the law all those who 
 commit crimes.
 SEC. 1003. DEFINITION OF ‘‘ELECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE’’.
    Section 101(f)(2) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act 
 (50 U.S.C. 1801(f)(2)) is amended by adding at the end before 
 the semicolon the following: ‘‘, but does not include the acquisition 
 of those communications of computer trespassers that would be 
 permissible under section 2511(2)(i) of title 18, United States Code’’.
 SEC. 1004. VENUE IN MONEY LAUNDERING CASES.
    Section 1956 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by 
 adding at the end the following:
    ‘‘(i) VENUE.—(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), a prosecu- 
 tion for an offense under this section or section 1957 may be 
 brought in—
        ‘‘(A) any district in which the financial or monetary trans- 
 action is conducted; or
        ‘‘(B) any district where a prosecution for the underlying 
 specified unlawful activity could be brought, if the defendant 
 participated in the transfer of the proceeds of the specified 
 unlawful activity from that district to the district where the 
 financial or monetary transaction is conducted.
    ‘‘(2) A prosecution for an attempt or conspiracy offense under 
 this section or section 1957 may be brought in the district where 
 venue would lie for the completed offense under paragraph (1),