PUBLIC LAW 107–56—OCT. 26, 2001

115 STAT. 393

or in any other district where an act in furtherance of the attempt or conspiracy took place.
‘‘(3) For purposes of this section, a transfer of funds from 1 place to another, by wire or any other means, shall constitute a single, continuing transaction. Any person who conducts (as that term is defined in subsection (c)(2)) any portion of the transaction may be charged in any district in which the transaction takes place.’’.

SEC. 1005. FIRST RESPONDERS ASSISTANCE ACT.
(a) GRANT AUTHORIZATION.—The Attorney General shall make grants described in subsections (b) and (c) to States and units of local government to improve the ability of State and local law enforcement, fire department and first responders to respond to and prevent acts of terrorism.
(b) TERRORISM PREVENTION GRANTS.—Terrorism prevention grants under this subsection may be used for programs, projects, and other activities to—
(1) hire additional law enforcement personnel dedicated to intelligence gathering and analysis functions, including the formation of full-time intelligence and analysis units;
(2) purchase technology and equipment for intelligence gathering and analysis functions, including wire-tap, pen links, cameras, and computer hardware and software;
(3) purchase equipment for responding to a critical incident, including protective equipment for patrol officers such as quick masks;
(4) purchase equipment for managing a critical incident, such as communications equipment for improved interoperability among surrounding jurisdictions and mobile command posts for overall scene management; and
(5) fund technical assistance programs that emphasize coordination among neighboring law enforcement agencies for sharing resources, and resources coordination among law enforcement agencies for combining intelligence gathering and analysis functions, and the development of policy, procedures, memorandums of understanding, and other best practices.
(c) ANTITERRORISM TRAINING GRANTS.—Antiterrorism training grants under this subsection may be used for programs, projects, and other activities to address—
(1) intelligence gathering and analysis techniques;
(2) community engagement and outreach;
(3) critical incident management for all forms of terrorist attack;
(4) threat assessment capabilities;
(5) conducting followup investigations; and
(6) stabilizing a community after a terrorist incident.
(d) APPLICATION.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Each eligible entity that desires to receive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Attorney General, at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such additional information as the Attorney General may reasonably require.
(2) CONTENTS.—Each application submitted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall—
(A) describe the activities for which assistance under this section is sought; and