115 STAT. 400        PUBLIC LAW 107-56—OCT. 26, 2001

pursuant to this section, except that the United States Virgin Islands, America Samoa, Guam, and the Northern Mariana Islands each shall be allocated 0.25 percent.

SEC. 1015. EXPANSION AND REAUTHORIZATION OF THE CRIME IDENTIFICATION TECHNOLOGY ACT FOR ANTITERRORISM GRANTS TO STATES AND LOCALITIES.

Section 102 of the Crime Identification Technology Act of 1998 (42 U.S.C. 14601) is amended—
       (1) in subsection (b)—
                (A) in paragraph (16), by striking “and” at the end;
                (B) in paragraph (17), by striking the period and inserting “; and”; and
                (C) by adding at the end the following:
                      “(18) notwithstanding subsection (c), antiterrorism purposes as they relate to any other uses under this section or for other antiterrorism programs.”; and
       (2) in subsection (e)(1), by striking “this section” and all that follows and inserting “this section $250,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2002 through 2007.”.

SEC. 1016. CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURES PROTECTION.

(a) SHORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the “Critical Infrastructures Protection Act of 2001”.
(b) FINDINGS.—Congress makes the following findings:
              (1) The information revolution has transformed the conduct of business and the operations of government as well as the infrastructure relied upon for the defense and national security of the United States.
              (2) Private business, government, and the national security apparatus increasingly depend on an interdependent network of critical physical and information infrastructures, including telecommunications, energy, financial services, water, and transportation sectors.
              (3) A continuous national effort is required to ensure the reliable provision of cyber and physical infrastructure services critical to maintaining the national defense, continuity of government, economic prosperity, and quality of life in the United States.
              (4) This national effort requires extensive modeling and analytic capabilities for purposes of evaluating appropriate mechanisms to ensure the stability of these complex and interdependent systems, and to underpin policy recommendations, so as to achieve the continuous viability and adequate protection of the critical infrastructure of the Nation.

(c) POLICY OF THE UNITED STATES.—It is the policy of the United States—
              (1) that any physical or virtual disruption of the operation of the critical infrastructures of the United States be rare, brief, geographically limited in effect, manageable, and minimally detrimental to the economy, human and government services, and national security of the United States;
              (2) that actions necessary to achieve the policy stated in paragraph (1) be carried out in a public-private partnership involving corporate and non-governmental organizations; and
              (3) to have in place a comprehensive and effective program to ensure the continuity of essential Federal Government functions under all circumstances.