115 STAT. 368         PUBLIC LAW 107-56—OCT. 26, 2001

under this subsection shall not be liable to any person for 
that production.

“(4) RECORD-KEEPING.—Subsection (b)(4) does not apply to 
education records subject to a court order under this sub-
section.”.

SEC. 508. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION FROM NCES SURVEYS.

Section 408 of the National Education Statistics Act of 1994 
(20 U.S.C. 9007), is amended by adding after subsection (b) a 
new subsection (c) to read as follows:

 “(c) INVESTIGATION AND PROSECUTION OF TERRORISM.—

 “(1) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding subsections (a) and (b), 
the Attorney General (or any Federal officer or employee, in 
a position not lower than an Assistant Attorney General, des-
ignated by the Attorney General) may submit a written appli-
cation to a court of competent jurisdiction for an ex parte order 
requiring the Secretary to permit the Attorney General (or 
his designee) to—
“(A) collect reports, records, and information (including 
individually identifiable information) in the possession of 
the center that are relevant to an authorized investigation 
or prosecution of an offense listed in section 2332b(g)(5)(B) 
of title 18, United States Code, or an act of domestic 
or international terrorism as defined in section 2331 of 
that title; and 
“(B) for official purposes related to the investigation 
or prosecution of an offense described in paragraph (1)(A), 
retain, disseminate, and use (including as evidence at trial 
or in other administrative or judicial proceedings) such 
information, consistent with such guidelines as the 
Attorney General, after consultation with the Secretary, 
shall issue to protect confidentiality.
 “(2) APPLICATION AND APPROVAL.— 
 “(A) IN GENERAL.—An application under paragraph (1) 
shall certify that there are specific and articulable facts 
giving reason to believe that the information sought is 
described in paragraph (1)(A). 
 “(B) The court shall issue an order described in para-
graph (1) if the court finds that the application for the 
order includes the certification described in subparagraph 
(A). 
 “(3) PROTECTION.—An officer or employee of the 
Department who, in good faith, produces information in 
accordance with an order issued under this subsection does 
not violate subsection (b)(2) and shall not be liable to 
any person for that production.”.