PUBLIC LAW 107-56—OCT. 26, 2001 115 STAT. 281

and Rule 6(e)(3)(C)(i)(V) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure that identifies a United States person, as defined in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801)).

(d) FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, it shall be lawful for foreign intelligence or counterintel- ligence (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 401a)) or foreign intelligence information obtained as part of a criminal investigation to be disclosed to any Federal law enforcement, intelligence, protective, immigration, national defense, or national security official in order to assist the official receiving that information in the performance of his official duties. Any Federal official who receives information pursuant to this provision may use that information only as necessary in the conduct of that person’s official duties subject to any limitations on the unauthorized disclosure of such information.
(2) DEFINITION.—In this subsection, the term ‘‘foreign intel- ligence information’’ means—
(A) information, whether or not concerning a United States person, that relates to the ability of the United States to protect against—
(i) actual or potential attack or other grave hostile acts of a foreign power or an agent of a foreign power;
(ii) sabotage or international terrorism by a foreign power or an agent of a foreign power; or
(iii) clandestine intelligence activities by an intel- ligence service or network of a foreign power or by an agent of a foreign power; or
(B) information, whether or not concerning a United States person, with respect to a foreign power or foreign territory that relates to—
(i) the national defense or the security of the United States; or
(ii) the conduct of the foreign affairs of the United States.

SEC. 204. CLARIFICATION OF INTELLIGENCE EXCEPTIONS FROM
LIMITATIONS ON INTERCEPTION AND DISCLOSURE OF
WIRE, ORAL, AND ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS.
Section 2511(2)(f) of title 18, United States Code, is amended—
(1) by striking ‘‘this chapter or chapter 121’’ and inserting ‘‘this chapter or chapter 121 or 206 of this title’’; and
(2) by striking ‘‘wire and oral’’ and inserting ‘‘wire, oral, and electronic’’.

SEC. 205. EMPLOYMENT OF TRANSLATORS BY THE FEDERAL BUREAU
OF INVESTIGATION.
(a) AUTHORITY.—The Director of the Federal Bureau of Inves- tigation is authorized to expedite the employment of personnel as translators to support counterterrorism investigations and oper- ations without regard to applicable Federal personnel requirements and limitations.
(b) SECURITY REQUIREMENTS.—The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation shall establish such security requirements as are necessary for the personnel employed as translators under subsection (a).