115 STAT. 288          PUBLIC LAW 107-56—OCT. 26, 2001

    "(2) shall specify that the records concerned are sought
       for an authorized investigation conducted in accordance with
       subsection (a)(2) to obtain foreign intelligence information not
       concerning a United States person or to protect against inter-
       national terrorism or clandestine intelligence activities.
"(c)(1) Upon an application made pursuant to this section, the
   judge shall enter an ex parte order as requested, or as modified,
   approving the release of records if the judge finds that the applica-
   tion meets the requirements of this section.
    "(2) An order under this subsection shall not disclose that
   it is issued for purposes of an investigation described in subsection
   (a).
"(d) No person shall disclose to any other person (other than 
   those persons necessary to produce the tangible things under this 
   section) that the Federal Bureau of Investigation has sought or
   obtained tangible things under this section.
"(e) A person who, in good faith, produces tangible things
   under an order pursuant to this section shall not be liable to
   any other person for such production. Such production shall not
   be deemed to constitute a waiver of any privilege in any other
   proceeding or context. 

50 USC 1862.

"SEC. 502. CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT.

"(a) On a semiannual basis, the Attorney General shall fully
   inform the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the
   House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence
   of the Senate concerning all requests for the production of tangible
   things under section 402.
"(b) On a semiannual basis, the Attorney General shall provide 
   to the Committees on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives
   and the Senate a report setting forth with respect to the preceding
   6-month period—
      "(1) the total number of applications made for orders
         approving requests for the production of tangible things under
          section 402; and 
      "(2) the total number of such orders either granted, modi-
          fied, or denied.".

SEC. 216. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITIES RELATING TO USE OF PEN REGISTERS AND TRAP AND TRACE DEVICES.

(a) GENERAL LIMITATIONS.—Section 3121(c) of title 18, United 
    States Code, is amended—
   (1) by inserting "or trap and trace device" after "pen reg-
       ister";
   (2) by inserting ", routing, addressing," after "dialing"; and 
   (3) by striking "call processing" and inserting "the proc-
       essing and transmitting of wire or electronic communications 
       so as not to include the contents of any wire or electronic
       communications";
(b) ISSUANCE OF ORDERS.—
   (1) IN GENERAL.—Section 3123(a) of title 18, United States
       Code, is amended to read as follows:
   "(a) IN GENERAL.—
    "(1) ATTORNEY FOR THE GOVERNMENT.—Upon an applica-
       tion made under section 3122(a)(1), the court shall enter an 
       ex parte order authorizing the installation and use of a pen
       register or trap and trace device anywhere within the United 
       States, if the court finds that the attorney for the Government