PUBLIC LAW 107-56—OCT. 26, 2001                                                              115 STAT. 295 States acted willfully or intentionally with respect to the violation, the department or agency shall, upon receipt of a true and correct copy of the decision and findings of the court or appropriate department or agency promptly initiate a proceeding to determine whether disciplinary action against the officer or employee is warranted. If the head of the department or agency involved determines that disciplinary action is not warranted, he or she shall notify the Inspector General with jurisdiction over the department or agency concerned and shall provide the Inspector General with the reasons for such determination.
    ‘‘(d) EXCLUSIVE REMEDY.—Any action against the United States under this subsection shall be the exclusive remedy against the United States for any claims within the purview of this section.
    ‘‘(e) STAY OF PROCEEDINGS.—(1) Upon the motion of the United States, the court shall stay any action commenced under this section if the court determines that civil discovery will adversely affect the ability of the Government to conduct a related investigation or the prosecution of a related criminal case. Such a stay shall toll the limitations periods of paragraph (2) of subsection (b).
        ‘‘(2) In this subsection, the terms ‘related criminal case’ and ‘related investigation’ mean an actual prosecution or investigation in progress at the time at which the request for the stay or any subsequent motion to lift the stay is made. In determining whether an investigation or a criminal case is related to an action commenced under this section, the court shall consider the degree of similarity between the parties, witnesses, facts, and circumstances involved in the proceedings, without requiring that any one or more factors be identical.
        ‘‘(3) In requesting a stay under paragraph (1), the Government may, in appropriate cases, submit evidence ex parte in order to avoid disclosing any matter that may adversely affect a related investigation or a related criminal case. If the Government makes such an ex parte submission, the plaintiff shall be given an opportunity to make a submission to the court, not ex parte, and the court may, in its discretion, request further information from either party.’’.
        (2) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 121 is amended to read as follows:
‘‘2712. Civil action against the United States.’’.
SEC. 224. SUNSET.
    (a) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in subsection (b), this title and the amendments made by this title (other than sections 203(a), 203(c), 205, 208, 210, 211, 213, 216, 219, 221, and 222, and the amendments made by those sections) shall cease to have effect on December 31, 2005.
    (b) EXCEPTION.—With respect to any particular foreign intelligence investigation that began before the date on which the provisions referred to in subsection (a) cease to have effect, or with respect to any particular offense or potential offense that began or occurred before the date on which such provisions cease to have effect, such provisions shall continue in effect.
SEC. 225. IMMUNITY FOR COMPLIANCE WITH FISA WIRETAP.
        Section 105 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1805) is amended by inserting after subsection (g) the following:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        18 USC 2510                                                                                                                                                                                                                        note.