PUBLIC LAW 107-56—OCT. 26, 2001

“MANDATORY DETENTION OF SUSPECTED TERRORISTS; HABEAS
CORPUS; JUDICIAL REVIEW

“SEC. 236A. (a) DETENTION OF TERRORIST ALIENS.—

“(1) CUSTODY.—The Attorney General shall take into cus-
tody any alien who is certified under paragraph (3).

“(2) RELEASE.—Except as provided in paragraphs (5) and
(6), the Attorney General shall maintain custody of such an
alien until the alien is removed from the United States. Except
as provided in paragraph (6), such custody shall be maintained
irrespective of any relief from removal for which the alien
may be eligible, or any relief from removal granted the alien,
until the Attorney General determines that the alien is no
longer an alien who may be certified under paragraph (3).
If the alien is finally determined not to be removable, detention
pursuant to this subsection shall terminate.

“(3) CERTIFICATION.—The Attorney General may certify an
alien under this paragraph if the Attorney General has reason-
able grounds to believe that the alien—
“(A) is described in section 212(a)(3)(A)(i),
212(a)(3)(A)(iii), 212(a)(3)(B),
237(a)(4)(A)(i), or 237(a)(4)(A)(b); or
“(B) is engaged in any other activity that endangers
the national security of the United States.
“(4) NONDELEGATION.—The Attorney General may delegate 
the authority provided under paragraph (3) only to the Deputy 
Attorney General. The Deputy Attorney General may not dele-
gate such authority.
Deadline.


“(5) COMMENCEMENT OF PROCEEDINGS.—The Attorney Gen-
eral shall place an alien detained under paragraph (1) in
removal proceedings, or shall charge the alien with a criminal
offense, not later than 7 days after the commencement of such
detention. If the requirement of the preceding sentence is not
satisfied, the Attorney General shall release the alien.

“(6) LIMITATION ON INDEFINITE DETENTION.—An alien 
detained solely under paragraph (1) who has not been removed 
under section 241(a)(1)(A), and whose removal is unlikely in 
the reasonably foreseeable future, may be detained for addi-
tional periods of up to six months only if the release of the
alien will threaten the national security of the United States
or the safety of the community or any person.

“(7) REVIEW OF CERTIFICATION.—The Attorney General 
shall review the certification made under paragraph (3) every 
6 months. If the Attorney General determines, in the Attorney
General’s discretion, that the certification should be revoked,
the alien may be released on such conditions as the Attorney
General deems appropriate, unless such release is otherwise
prohibited by law. The alien may request each 6 months in
writing that the Attorney General reconsider the certification
and may submit documents or other evidence in support of
that request.
“(b) HABEAS CORPUS AND JUDICIAL REVIEW.—

“(1) IN GENERAL.—Judicial review of any action or decision
relating to this section (including judicial review of the merits
of a determination made under subsection (a)(3) or (a)(6)) is
available exclusively in habeas corpus proceedings consistent