PUBLIC LAW 107–56—OCT. 26, 2001                            115 STAT. 333

fined in an amount equal to not less than 2 times the amount of the transaction, but not more than $1,000,000.’’. SEC. 364. UNIFORM PROTECTION AUTHORITY FOR FEDERAL RESERVE FACILITIES.

Section 11 of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 248) is amended by adding at the end the following:
‘‘(q) UNIFORM PROTECTION AUTHORITY FOR FEDERAL RESERVE 
        FACILITIES.—
        ‘‘(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, to authorize personnel to act as law enforcement officers to protect and safeguard the premises, grounds, property, personnel, including members of the Board, of the Board, or any Federal reserve bank, and operations conducted by or on behalf of the Board or a reserve bank.
        ‘‘(2) The Board may, subject to the regulations prescribed under paragraph (5), delegate authority to a Federal reserve bank to authorize personnel to act as law enforcement officers to protect and safeguard the bank’s premises, grounds, property, personnel, and operations conducted by or on behalf of the bank.
        ‘‘(3) Law enforcement officers designated or authorized by the Board or a reserve bank under paragraph (1) or (2) are authorized while on duty to carry firearms and make arrests without warrants for any offense against the United States committed in their presence, or for any felony cognizable under the laws of the United States committed in their presence, or within the buildings and grounds of the Board or a reserve bank if they have reasonable grounds to believe that the person to be arrested has committed or is committing such a felony. Such officers shall have access to law enforcement information that may be necessary for the protection of the property or personnel of the Board or a reserve bank.
        ‘‘(4) For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘law enforcement officers’ means personnel who have successfully completed law enforcement training and are authorized to carry firearms and make arrests pursuant to this subsection.
        ‘‘(5) The law enforcement authorities provided for in this subsection may be exercised only pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Board and approved by the Attorney General.’’. SEC. 365. REPORTS RELATING TO COINS AND CURRENCY RECEIVED IN NONFINANCIAL TRADE OR BUSINESS.
  (a) REPORTS REQUIRED.—Subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section:
‘‘§ 5331. Reports relating to coins and currency received in nonfinancial trade or business
    ‘‘(a) COIN AND CURRENCY RECEIPTS OF MORE THAN $10,000.—Any person—
        ‘‘(1) who is engaged in a trade or business; and
        ‘‘(2) who, in the course of such trade or business, receives more than $10,000 in coins or currency in 1 transaction (or 2 or more related transactions),
    shall file a report described in subsection (b) with respect to such transaction (or related transactions) with the Financial Crimes