PUBLIC LAW 107-56—OCT. 26, 2001             115 STAT. 367

    “(2) The Federal Bureau of Investigation shall have primary
    authority to investigate offenses under subsection (a)(1) for any
    cases involving espionage, foreign counterintelligence, information
    protected against unauthorized disclosure for reasons of national
    defense or foreign relations, or Restricted Data (as that term is
    defined in section 11y of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C.
    2014(y)), except for offenses affecting the duties of the United
    States Secret Service pursuant to section 3056(a) of this title.
    “(3) Such authority shall be exercised in accordance with an
    agreement which shall be entered into by the Secretary of the
    Treasury and the Attorney General.”.
    (b) REAUTHORIZATION OF JURISDICTION UNDER 18 U.S.C. 1344.—
    Section 3056(b)(3) of title 18, United States Code, is amended
    by striking “credit and debit card frauds, and false identification
    documents or devices” and inserting “access device frauds, false
    identification documents or devices, and any fraud or other criminal
    or unlawful activity in or against any federally insured financial
    institution”.
    SEC. 507. DISCLOSURE OF EDUCATIONAL RECORDS.
    Section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C.
    1232g) is amended by adding after subsection (i) a new subsection
    (j) to read as follows:
    “(j) INVESTIGATION AND PROSECUTION OF TERRORISM.—
    “(1) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding subsections (a) through
    (i) or any provision of State law, the Attorney General (or
    any Federal officer or employee, in a position not lower than
    an Assistant Attorney General, designated by the Attorney
    General) may submit a written application to a court of com­
    petent jurisdiction for an ex parte order requiring an edu­
    cational agency or institution to permit the Attorney General
    (or his designee) to—
    “(A) collect education records in the possession of the
    educational agency or institution that are relevant to an
    authorized investigation or prosecution of an offense listed
    in section 2332b(g)(5)(B) of title 18 United States Code,
    or an act of domestic or international terrorism as defined
    in section 2331 of that title; and
    “(B) for official purposes related to the investigation
    or prosecution of an offense described in paragraph (1)(A),
    retain, disseminate, and use (including as evidence at trial
    or in other administrative or judicial proceedings) such
    records, consistent with such guidelines as the Attorney
    General, after consultation with the Secretary, shall issue
    to protect confidentiality.
    “(2) APPLICATION AND APPROVAL.—
    “(A) IN GENERAL.—An application under paragraph (1)
    shall certify that there are specific and articulable facts
    giving reason to believe that the education records are
    likely to contain information described in paragraph (1)(A).
    “(B) The court shall issue an order described in para­
    graph (1) if the court finds that the application for the
    order includes the certification described in subparagraph
    (A).
    “(3) PROTECTION OF EDUCATIONAL AGENCY OR INSTITU­
    TION.—An educational agency or institution that, in good faith,
    produces education records in accordance with an order issued