PUBLIC LAW 107-56—OCT. 26, 2001

an alien spouse described in the second sentence of section 201(b)(2)(A)(i) of such Act.
        (2) CHILDREN.—
                (A) IN GENERAL.—In the case of an alien who was 
        the child of a citizen of the United States at the time 
        of the citizen’s death, if the citizen died as a direct result
        of a specified terrorist activity, the alien shall be consid-
        ered, for purposes of section 201(b) of the Immigration 
        and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1151(b)), to remain an imme-
        diate relative after the date of the citizen’s death (regard-
        less of changes in age or marital status thereafter), but
        only if the alien files a petition under subparagraph (B)
        within 2 years after such date.
                        (B) PETITIONS.—An alien described in subparagraph
        (A) may file a petition with the Attorney General for classi-
        fication of the alien under section 201(b)(2)(A)(i) of the
        Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1151(b)(2)(A)(i)).
        For purposes of such Act, such a petition shall be considered
        a petition filed under section 204(a)(1)(A) of such Act (8
        U.S.C. 1154(a)(1)(A)).

(b) SPOUSES, CHILDREN, UNMARRIED SONS AND DAUGHTERS OF
LAWFUL PERMANENT RESIDENT ALIENS.—
        (1) IN GENERAL.—Any spouse, child, or unmarried son or
daughter of an alien described in paragraph (3) who is included
in a petition for classification as a family-sponsored immigrant
under section 203(a)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality
Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(a)(2)) that was filed by such alien before
September 11, 2001, shall be considered (if the spouse, child,
son, or daughter has not been admitted or approved for lawful
permanent residence by such date) a valid petitioner for pref-
erence status under such section with the same priority date
as that assigned prior to the death described in paragraph
(3)(A). No new petition shall be required to be filed. Such
spouse, child, son, or daughter may be eligible for deferred
action and work authorization.
                (2) SELF-PETITIONS.—Any spouse, child, or unmarried son
or daughter of an alien described in paragraph (3) who is
not a beneficiary of a petition for classification as a family-
sponsored immigrant under section 203(a)(2) of the Immigration
and Nationality Act may file a petition for such classification
with the Attorney General, if the spouse, child, son, or daughter
was present in the United States on September 11, 2001. Such
spouse, child, son, or daughter may be eligible for deferred
action and work authorization.
                (3) ALIENS DESCRIBED.—An alien is described in this para-
graph if the alien—
                        (A) died as a direct result of a specified terrorist
            activity; and
                        (B) on the day of such death, was lawfully admitted
            for permanent residence in the United States.

(c) APPLICATIONS FOR ADJUSTMENT OF STATUS BY SURVIVING
SPOUSES AND CHILDREN OF EMPLOYMENT-BASED IMMIGRANTS.—
        (1) IN GENERAL.—Any alien who was, on September 10,
2001, the spouse or child of an alien described in paragraph
(2), and who applied for adjustment of status prior to the
death described in paragraph (2)(A), may have such application
adjudicated as if such death had not occurred.
