115 STAT. 298		PUBLIC LAW 107-56—OCT. 26, 2001



for adequate challenge consistent with providing due process
rights;
	(9) to clarify the terms of the safe harbor from civil liability
for filing suspicious activity reports;
	(10) to strengthen the authority of the Secretary to issue
and administer geographic targeting orders, and to clarify that
violations of such orders or any other requirement imposed
under the authority contained in chapter 2 of title I of Public
Law 91-508 and subchapters II and III of chapter 53 of title
31, United States Code, may result in criminal and civil pen-
alties;
	(11) to ensure that all appropriate elements of the financial
services industry are subject to appropriate requirements to
report potential money laundering transactions to proper
authorities, and that jurisdictional disputes do not hinder exam-
ination of compliance by financial institutions with relevant
reporting requirements;
	(12) to strengthen the ability of financial institutions to
maintain the integrity of their employee population; and
	(13) to strengthen measures to prevent the use of the
United States financial system for personal gain by corrupt
foreign officials and to facilitate the repatriation of any stolen
assets to the citizens of countries to whom such assets belong.
						SEC. 303. 4-YEAR CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW; EXPEDITED CONSIDER-
								ATION.
	(a) IN GENERAL.—Effective on and after the first day of fiscal
year 2005, the provisions of this title and the amendments made
by this title shall terminate if the Congress enacts a joint resolution,
the text after the resolving clause of which is as follows: “That
provisions of the International Money Laundering Abatement and
Anti-Terrorist Financing Act of 2001, and the amendments made
thereby, shall no longer have the force of law.”.
(b) EXPEDITED CONSIDERATION.—Any joint resolution submitted
pursuant to this section should be considered by the Congress
expeditiously. In particular, it shall be considered in the Senate
in accordance with the provisions of section 601(b) of the Inter-
national Security Assistance and Arms Control Act of 1976.
					Subtitle A—International Counter Money
						Laundering and Related Measures
SEC. 311. SPECIAL MEASURES FOR JURISDICTIONS, FINANCIAL
	INSTITUTIONS, OR INTERNATIONAL TRANSACTIONS OF
	PRIMARY MONEY LAUNDERING CONCERN.
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 31, United
States Code, is amended by inserting after section 5318 the fol-
lowing new section:
“§ 5318A. Special measures for jurisdictions, financial institu-
	tions, or international transactions of primary
	money laundering concern
	“(a) INTERNATIONAL COUNTER-MONEY LAUNDERING REQUIRE-
MENTS.—
	“(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of the Treasury may
require domestic financial institutions and domestic financial