115 STAT. 290                 PUBLIC LAW 107-56—OCT. 26, 2001

    "(C) the attributes of the communications to which 
    the order applies, including the number or other identifier 
    and, if known, the location of the telephone line or other 
    facility to which the pen register or trap and trace device 
    is to be attached or applied, and, in the case of an order 
    authorizing installation and use of a trap and trace device 
    under subsection (a)(2), the geographic limits of the order;
    and".

(3) NONDISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS.—Section 3123(d)(2) of
title 18, United States Code, is amended—
    (A) by inserting "or other facility" after "the line";
    and 
    (B) by striking "or who has been ordered by the 
    court" and inserting "or applied, or who is obligated by 
    the order".

(c) DEFINITIONS.—
    (1) COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION.—Section 3127(2)
of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking subpara-
graph (A) and inserting the following:
    "(A) any district court of the United States (including 
    a magistrate judge of such a court) or any United States 
    court of appeals having jurisdiction over the offense being 
    investigated; or".
    (2) PEN REGISTER.—Section 3127(3) of title 18, United States Code, is amended—
        (A) by striking "electronic or other impulses" and all 
        that follows through "is attached" and inserting "dialing, 
        routing, addressing, or signaling information transmitted 
        by an instrument or facility from which a wire or electronic
        communication is transmitted, provided, however, that 
        such information shall not include the contents of any 
        communication"; and 
        (B) by inserting "or process" after "device" each place 
        it appears.
    (3) TRAP AND TRACE DEVICE.—Section 3127(4) of title 18,
United States Code, is amended—
        (A) by striking "of an instrument" and all that follows
        through the semicolon and inserting "or other dialing, 
        routing, addressing, and signaling information reasonably
        likely to identify the source of a wire or electronic commu-
        nication, provided, however, that such information shall
        not include the contents of any communication;"; and
        (B) by inserting "or process" after "a device".
    (4) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—Section 3127(1) of title 18,
United States Code, is amended—
        (A) by striking "and"; and
        (B) by inserting "; and 'contents' " after "electronic 
        communication service".
    (5) TECHNICAL AMENDMENT.—Section 3124(d) of title 18,
United States Code, is amended by striking "the terms of".
    (6) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—Section 3124(b) of title 18,
United States Code, is amended by inserting "or other facility"
after "the appropriate line".

SEC. 217. INTERCEPTION OF COMPUTER TRESPASSER COMMUNICA-
    TIONS.
Chapter 119 of title 18, United States Code, is amended—