PUBLIC LAW 107–56—OCT. 26, 2001

115 STAT. 399
(b) SENSE OF THE SENATE.—It is the sense of the Senate that the United States should make a substantial new investment this year toward the following:
	(1) Improving State and local preparedness capabilities by upgrading State and local surveillance epidemiology, assisting in the development of response plans, assuring adequate staffing and training of health professionals to diagnose and care for victims of bioterrorism, extending the electronics communications networks and training personnel, and improving public health laboratories.
	(2) Improving hospital response capabilities by assisting hospitals in developing plans for a bioterrorist attack and improving the surge capacity of hospitals.
	(3) Upgrading the bioterrorism capabilities of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention through improving rapid identification and health early warning systems.
	(4) Improving disaster response medical systems, such as the National Disaster Medical System and the Metropolitan Medical Response System and Epidemic Intelligence Service.
	(5) Targeting research to assist with the development of appropriate therapeutics and vaccines for likely bioterrorist agents and assisting with expedited drug and device review through the Food and Drug Administration.
	(6) Improving the National Pharmaceutical Stockpile program by increasing the amount of necessary therapies (including smallpox vaccines and other post-exposure vaccines) and ensuring adequate deployment of stockpiles.
	(7) Targeting activities to increase food safety at the Food and Drug Administration.
	(8) Increasing international cooperation to secure dangerous biological agents, increase surveillance, and retrain biological warfare specialists.

SEC. 1014. GRANT PROGRAM FOR STATE AND LOCAL DOMESTIC PREPAREDNESS SUPPORT.
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Office for State and Local Domestic Preparedness Support of the Office of Justice Programs shall make a grant to each State, which shall be used by the State, in conjunction with units of local government, to enhance the capability of State and local jurisdictions to prepare for and respond to terrorist acts including events of terrorism involving weapons of mass destruction and biological, nuclear, radiological, incendiary, chemical, and explosive devices.
(b) USE OF GRANT AMOUNTS.—Grants under this section may be used to purchase needed equipment and to provide training and technical assistance to State and local first responders.
(c) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—
	(1) IN GENERAL.—There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as necessary for each of fiscal years 2002 through 2007.
	(2) LIMITATIONS.—Of the amount made available to carry out this section in any fiscal year not more than 3 percent may be used by the Attorney General for salaries and administrative expenses.
	(3) MINIMUM AMOUNT.—Each State shall be allocated in each fiscal year under this section not less than 0.75 percent of the total amount appropriated in the fiscal year for grants