115 STAT. 310            PUBLIC LAW 107–56—OCT. 26, 2001

                                                           (C) subchapter II of chapter 5 of title 5, United States
                                              Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Administrative Procedure
                                              Act’’).
                    (2) SAVINGS CLAUSE.—Nothing in this section shall limit
          or otherwise affect any other remedies that may be available
          to an owner of property under section 983 of title 18, United
          States Code, or any other provision of law.
                    (d) TECHNICAL CORRECTION.—Section 983(i)(2)(D) of title 18,
          United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or the International
          Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA) (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)’’
          before the semicolon.

                          SEC. 317. LONG-ARM JURISDICTION OVER FOREIGN MONEY
                                            LAUNDERERS.
                   Section 1956(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended—
                               (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subpara-
                    graphs (A) and (B), respectively, and moving the margins 2
                    ems to the right;
                               (2) by inserting after ‘‘(b)’’ the following: ‘‘PENALTIES.—
                    ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—’’;
                               (3) by inserting ‘‘, or section 1957’’ after ‘‘(a)(3)’’; and
                               (4) by adding at the end the following:
                                           ‘‘(2) JURISDICTION OVER FOREIGN PERSONS.—For purposes
                               of adjudicating an action filed or enforcing a penalty ordered
                               under this section, the district courts shall have jurisdiction
                               over any foreign person, including any financial institution
                               authorized under the laws of a foreign country, against whom
                               the action is brought, if service of process upon the foreign
                               person is made under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure
                               or the laws of the country in which the foreign person is
                               found, and—
                                                     ‘‘(A) the foreign person commits an offense under sub-
                                 section (a) involving a financial transaction that occurs
                                 in whole or in part in the United States;
                                                     ‘‘(B) the foreign person converts, to his or her own
                                 use, property in which the United States has an ownership
                                 interest by virtue of the entry of an order of forfeiture
                                 by a court of the United States; or
                                                     ‘‘(C) the foreign person is a financial institution that
                                 maintains a bank account at a financial institution in
                                 the United States.
                                           ‘‘(3) COURT AUTHORITY OVER ASSETS.—A court described
                               in paragraph (2) may issue a pretrial restraining order or
                               take any other action necessary to ensure that any bank account
                               or other property held by the defendant in the United States
                               is available to satisfy a judgment under this section.
                                           ‘‘(4) FEDERAL RECEIVER.—
                                                      ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—A court described in paragraph (2)
                                may appoint a Federal Receiver, in accordance with
                                subparagraph (B) of this paragraph, to collect, marshal,
                                and take custody, control, and possession of all assets of
                                the defendant, wherever located, to satisfy a civil judgment
                                under this subsection, a forfeiture judgment under section
                                981 or 982, or a criminal sentence under section 1957
                                or subsection (a) of this section, including an order of
                                restitution to any victim of a specified unlawful activity.