115 STAT. 352          PUBLIC LAW 107–56—OCT. 26, 2001 

with this subsection. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, no court shall have jurisdiction to review, by habeas corpus petition or otherwise, any such action or decision.
            ‘‘(2) APPLICATION.— 
            ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including section 2241(a) of title 28, United States Code, habeas corpus proceedings described in paragraph (1) may be initiated only by an application filed with— 
            ‘‘(i) the Supreme Court; 
            ‘‘(ii) any justice of the Supreme Court; 
            ‘‘(iii) any circuit judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit; or 
            ‘‘(iv) any district court otherwise having jurisdiction to entertain it. 
            ‘‘(B) APPLICATION TRANSFER.—Section 2241(b) of title 28, United States Code, shall apply to an application for a writ of habeas corpus described in subparagraph (A). 
            ‘‘(3) APPEALS.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including section 2253 of title 28, in habeas corpus proceedings described in paragraph (1) before a circuit or district judge, the final order shall be subject to review, on appeal, by the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. There shall be no right of appeal in such proceedings to any other circuit court of appeals.
            ‘‘(4) RULE OF DECISION.—The law applied by the Supreme Court and the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit shall be regarded as precedent in habeas corpus proceedings described in paragraph (1).
            ‘‘(c) STATUTORY CONSTRUCTION.—The provisions of this section shall not be applicable to any other provision of this Act.’’.

      (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of contents of the Immigration and Nationality Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 236 the following:

‘‘Sec. 236A. Mandatory detention of suspected terrorist; habeas corpus; judicial review.’’.

                Deadline. 8 USC 1226a note. (c) REPORTS.—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 6 months thereafter, the Attorney General shall submit a report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, with respect to the reporting period, on— 
                (1) the number of aliens certified under section 236A(a)(3) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as added by subsection (a); 
                (2) the grounds for such certifications; 
                (3) the nationalities of the aliens so certified; 
                (4) the length of the detention for each alien so certified; and 
                (5) the number of aliens so certified who— 
                (A) were granted any form of relief from removal; 
                (B) were removed; 
                (C) the Attorney General has determined are no longer aliens who may be so certified; or 
                (D) were released from detention.