115 STAT. 366        PUBLIC LAW 107-56—OCT. 26, 2001

person is not conducted solely upon the basis of activities protected by the first amendment to the Constitution of the United States.”.
 
(c) CONSUMER REPORTS.—Section 624 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681u) is amended—
(1) in subsection (a)—
(A) by inserting “in a position not lower than Deputy Assistant Director at Bureau headquarters or a Special Agent in Charge of a Bureau field office designated by the Director” after “designee” the first place it appears; and
(B) by striking “in writing that” and all that follows through the end and inserting the following: “in writing, that such information is sought for the conduct of an authorized investigation to protect against international terrorism or clandestine intelligence activities, provided that such an investigation of a United States person is not conducted solely upon the basis of activities protected by the first amendment to the Constitution of the United States.”;
(2) in subsection (b)—
(A) by inserting “in a position not lower than Deputy Assistant Director at Bureau headquarters or a Special Agent in Charge of a Bureau field office designated by the Director” after “designee” the first place it appears; and 
(B) by striking “in writing that” and all that follows through the end and inserting the following: “in writing that such information is sought for the conduct of an authorized investigation to protect against international terrorism or clandestine intelligence activities, provided that such an investigation of a United States person is not conducted solely upon the basis of activities protected by the first amendment to the Constitution of the United States.”; and
(3) in subsection (c)—
(A) by inserting “in a position not lower than Deputy Assistant Director at Bureau headquarters or a Special Agent in Charge in a Bureau field office designated by the Director” after “designee of the Director”; and
(B) by striking “in camera that” and all that follows through “States.” and inserting the following: “in camera that the consumer report is sought for the conduct of an authorized investigation to protect against international terrorism or clandestine intelligence activities, provided that such an investigation of a United States person is not conducted solely upon the basis of activities protected by the first amendment to the Constitution of the United States.”.

SEC. 506. EXTENSION OF SECRET SERVICE JURISDICTION.

(a) CONCURRENT JURISDICTION UNDER 18 U.S.C. 1030.—Section 1030(d) of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows:
“(d)(1) The United States Secret Service shall, in addition to any other agency having such authority, have the authority to investigate offenses under this section.
