115 STAT. 302        PUBLIC LAW 107-56 — OCT. 26, 2001

a foreign banking institution, if such correspondent account or payable-through account involves any such jurisdiction or institution, or if any such transaction may be conducted through such correspondent account or payable-through account.
"(c) CONSULTATIONS AND INFORMATION TO BE CONSIDERED IN FINDING JURISDICTIONS, INSTITUTIONS, TYPES OF ACCOUNTS, OR TRANSACTIONS TO BE OF PRIMARY MONEY LAUNDERING CONCERN. —
        "(1) IN GENERAL. — In making a finding that reasonable grounds exist for concluding that a jurisdiction outside of the United States, 1 or more financial institutions operating outside of the United States, 1 or more classes of transactions within, or involving, a jurisdiction outside of the United States, or 1 or more types of accounts is of primary money laundering concern so as to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to take 1 or more of the special measures described in subsection (b), the Secretary shall consult with the Secretary of State and the Attorney General.
        "(2) ADDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS. — In making a finding described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider in addition such information as the Secretary determines to be relevant, including the following potentially relevant factors:
                 "(A) JURISDICTIONAL FACTORS. — In the case of a particular jurisdiction —
                         "(i) evidence that organized criminal groups, international terrorists, or both, have transacted business in that jurisdiction;
                         "(ii) the extent to which financial institutions operating in that jurisdiction offer bank secrecy or special regulatory advantages to nonresidents or nondomiciliaries of that jurisdiction;
                         "(iii) the substance and quality of administration of the bank supervisory and counter-money laundering laws of that jurisdiction;
                         "(iv) the relationship between the volume of financial transactions occurring in that jurisdiction and the size of the economy of the jurisdiction;
                         "(v) the extent to which that jurisdiction is characterized as an offshore banking or secrecy haven by credible international organizations or multilateral expert groups;
                         "(vi) whether the United States has a mutual legal assistance treaty with that jurisdiction, and the experience of United States law enforcement officials and regulatory officials in obtaining information about transactions originating in or routed through or to such jurisdiction; and
                         "(vii) the extent to which that jurisdiction is characterized by high levels of official or institutional corruption.
                 "(B) INSTITUTIONAL FACTORS. — In the case of a decision to apply 1 or more of the special measures described in subsection (b) only to a financial institution or institutions, or to a transaction or class of transactions, or to a type of account, or to all 3, within or involving a particular jurisdiction —
                         "(i) the extent to which such financial institutions, transactions, or types of accounts are used to facilitate