PUBLIC LAW 107–56—OCT. 26, 2001            115 STAT. 353

SEC. 413. MULTILATERAL COOPERATION AGAINST TERRORISTS.
Section 222(f) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C.
1202(f)) is amended—
 (1) by striking ‘‘except that in the discretion of’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘except that—
 ‘‘(1) in the discretion of’’; and
 (2) by adding at the end the following:
 ‘‘(2) the Secretary of State, in the Secretary’s discretion and on the basis of reciprocity, may provide to a foreign govern- ment information in the Department of State’s computerized visa lookout database and, when necessary and appropriate, other records covered by this section related to information in the database—
 ‘‘(A) with regard to individual aliens, at any time on a case-by-case basis for the purpose of preventing, inves- tigating, or punishing acts that would constitute a crime in the United States, including, but not limited to, ter- rorism or trafficking in controlled substances, persons, or illicit weapons; or
 ‘‘(B) with regard to any or all aliens in the database, pursuant to such conditions as the Secretary of State shall establish in an agreement with the foreign government in which that government agrees to use such information and records for the purposes described in subparagraph (A) or to deny visas to persons who would be inadmissible to the United States.’’.

SEC. 414. VISA INTEGRITY AND SECURITY.
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING THE NEED TO EXPEDITE IMPLEMENTATION OF INTEGRATED ENTRY AND EXIT DATA SYSTEM.—
 (1) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—In light of the terrorist attacks perpetrated against the United States on September 11, 2001, it is the sense of Congress that—
 (A) the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of State, should fully implement the integrated entry and exit data system for airports, seaports, and land border ports of entry, as specified in section 110 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1365a), with all deliberate speed and as expeditiously as practicable; and
 (B) the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Commerce, the Sec- retary of the Treasury, and the Office of Homeland Secu- rity, should immediately begin establishing the Integrated Entry and Exit Data System Task Force, as described in section 3 of the Immigration and Naturalization Service Data Management Improvement Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–215).
 (2) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—There is author- ized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to fully implement the system described in paragraph (1)(A).
 (b) DEVELOPMENT OF THE SYSTEM.—In the development of the integrated entry and exit data system under section 110 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1365a), the Attorney General and the Secretary of State shall particularly focus on—
 (1) the utilization of biometric technology; and