PUBLIC LAW 107-56—OCT. 26, 2001

of the intelligence community specified or designated under section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 401a(4)).

SEC. 908. TRAINING OF GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS REGARDING IDENTIFICATION AND USE OF FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

PROGRAM REQUIRED.—The Attorney General shall, in consultation with the Director of Central Intelligence, carry out a program to provide appropriate training to officials described in subsection (b) in order to assist such officials in—
(1) identifying foreign intelligence information in the course of their duties; and
(2) utilizing foreign intelligence information in the course of their duties, to the extent that the utilization of such information is appropriate for such duties.
OFFICIALS.—The officials provided training under subsection (a) are, at the discretion of the Attorney General and the Director, the following:
(1) Officials of the Federal Government who are not ordinarily engaged in the collection, dissemination, and use of foreign intelligence in the performance of their duties.
(2) Officials of State and local governments who encounter, or may encounter in the course of a terrorist event, foreign intelligence in the performance of their duties.
AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—There is hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Justice such sums as may be necessary for purposes of carrying out the program required by subsection (a).

TITLE X—MISCELLANEOUS

SEC. 1001. REVIEW OF THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE.

The Inspector General of the Department of Justice shall designate one official who shall—
(1) review information and receive complaints alleging abuses of civil rights and civil liberties by employees and officials of the Department of Justice;
(2) make public through the Internet, radio, television, and newspaper advertisements information on the responsibilities and functions of, and how to contact, the official; and
(3) submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate on a semi-annual basis a report on the implementation of this subsection and detailing any abuses described in paragraph (1), including a description of the use of funds appropriations used to carry out this subsection.

SEC. 1002. SENSE OF CONGRESS.

FINDINGS.—Congress finds that—
(1) all Americans are united in condemning, in the strongest possible terms, the terrorists who planned and carried out the attacks against the United States on September 11, 2001, and in pursuing all those responsible for those attacks and their sponsors until they are brought to justice;
(2) Sikh-Americans form a vibrant, peaceful, and law-abiding part of America’s people;