115 STAT. 276           PUBLIC LAW 107-56—OCT. 26, 2001

severable from this Act and shall not affect the remainder thereof or the application of such provision to other persons not similarly situated or to other, dissimilar circumstances.

                         TITLE I—ENHANCING DOMESTIC
                    SECURITY AGAINST TERRORISM

12 USC 524 note.           SEC. 101. COUNTERTERRORISM FUND.
    (a) ESTABLISHMENT; AVAILABILITY.—There is hereby established in the Treasury of the United States a separate fund to be known as the ‘‘Counterterrorism Fund’’, amounts in which shall remain available without fiscal year limitation—
        (1) to reimburse any Department of Justice component for any costs incurred in connection with—
            (A) reestablishing the operational capability of an office or facility that has been damaged or destroyed as the result of any domestic or international terrorism incident;
            (B) providing support to counter, investigate, or prosecute domestic or international terrorism, including, without limitation, paying rewards in connection with these activities; and
            (C) conducting terrorism threat assessments of Federal agencies and their facilities; and
        (2) to reimburse any department or agency of the Federal Government for any costs incurred in connection with detaining in foreign countries individuals accused of acts of terrorism that violate laws of the United States.
    (b) NO EFFECT ON PRIOR APPROPRIATIONS.—Subsection (a) shall not be construed to affect the amount or availability of any appropriation to the Counterterrorism Fund made before the date of the enactment of this Act.
    SEC. 102. SENSE OF CONGRESS CONDEMNING DISCRIMINATION
                   AGAINST ARAB AND MUSLIM AMERICANS.
    (a) FINDINGS.—Congress makes the following findings:
         (1) Arab Americans, Muslim Americans, and Americans from South Asia play a vital role in our Nation and are entitled to nothing less than the full rights of every American.
         (2) The acts of violence that have been taken against Arab and Muslim Americans since the September 11, 2001, attacks against the United States should be and are condemned by all Americans who value freedom.
         (3) The concept of individual responsibility for wrongdoing is sacrosanct in American society, and applies equally to all religious, racial, and ethnic groups.
         (4) When American citizens commit acts of violence against those who are, or are perceived to be, of Arab or Muslim descent, they should be punished to the full extent of the law.
         (5) Muslim Americans have become so fearful of harassment that many Muslim women are changing the way they dress to avoid becoming targets.
         (6) Many Arab Americans and Muslim Americans have acted heroically during the attacks on the United States, including Mohammed Salman Hamdani, a 23-year-old New Yorker of Pakistani descent, who is believed to have gone