PUBLIC LAW 107–56—OCT. 26, 2001

SEC. 816. DEVELOPMENT AND SUPPORT OF CYBERSECURITY
                     FORENSIC CAPABILITIES.
   (a) IN GENERAL.—The Attorney General shall establish such
regional computer forensic laboratories as the Attorney General
considers appropriate, and provide support to existing computer
forensic laboratories, in order that all such computer forensic labora-
tories have the capability—
       (1) to provide forensic examinations with respect to seized
    or intercepted computer evidence relating to criminal activity
    (including cyberterrorism);
       (2) to provide training and education for Federal, State,
    and local law enforcement personnel and prosecutors regarding
    investigations, forensic analyses, and prosecutions of computer-
    related crime (including cyberterrorism);
       (3) to assist Federal, State, and local law enforcement
    in enforcing Federal, State, and local criminal laws relating
    to computer-related crime;
       (4) to facilitate and promote the sharing of Federal law
    enforcement expertise and information about the investigation,
    analysis, and prosecution of computer-related crime with State
    and local law enforcement personnel and prosecutors, including
    the use of multijurisdictional task forces; and
       (5) to carry out such other activities as the Attorney Gen-
    eral considers appropriate.
   (b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.—
       (1) AUTHORIZATION.—There is hereby authorized to be
    appropriated in each fiscal year $50,000,000 for purposes of
    carrying out this section.
       (2) AVAILABILITY.—Amounts appropriated pursuant to the
    authorization of appropriations in paragraph (1) shall remain
    available until expended.

SEC. 817. EXPANSION OF THE BIOLOGICAL WEAPONS STATUTE.
   Chapter 10 of title 18, United States Code, is amended—
     (1) in section 175—
          (A) in subsection (b)—
              (i) by striking “does not include” and inserting
          “includes”;
              (ii) by inserting “other than” after “system for”;
          and
              (iii) by inserting “bona fide research” after “protec-
          tive”; and
          (B) by redesignating subsection (b) as subsection (c);
                and
          (C) by inserting after subsection (a) the following:
     “(b) ADDITIONAL OFFENSE.—Whoever knowingly possesses any
biological agent, toxin, or delivery system of a type or in a quantity
that, under the circumstances, is not reasonably justified by a
prophylactic, protective, bona fide research, or other peaceful pur-
pose, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than
10 years, or both. In this subsection, the terms ‘biological agent’
and ‘toxin’ do not encompass any biological agent or toxin that
is in its naturally occurring environment, if the biological agent
or toxin has not been cultivated, collected, or otherwise extracted
from its natural source.”;
      (2) by inserting after section 175a the following:
