108 STAT. 2276			PUBLIC LAW 103-325—SEPT. 23, 1994

ment and compliance procedures, based on the studies and
findings of the Task Force, and publish such recommendatlons.
	(5) STUDY OF DETERMINATION FEES.-Conduct a study of-
		(A) the reasonableness of fees charged pursuant to
102(h) of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 for
costs of determining whether the property securing a loan
is located in an area having special flood hazards; and
		(B) whether the fees charged pursuant to such section
by lenders and services are greater than the amounts
paid by such lenders and services to persons actually
conducting such determinations and the extent to which
the fees exceed such amounts.
	(d) NONCOMPENSATION.-Members of the Task Force shall
receive no additional pay by reason of their service on the Task
Force.
	(e) CHAIRPERSON.-The members of the Task Force shall elect
one member as chairperson of the Task Force.
	(f) MEETINGS AND ACTION.-The Task Force shall meet at the
call of the chairman or a majority of the members of the Task
Force and may take action by a vote of the majority of the members.
The Federal Insurance Administrator shall coordinate and call the
initial meeting of the Task Force.
	(g) OFFICERS.-The chairperson of the Task Force may appoint
any officers to carry out the duties of the Task Force under sub-
section (c).
	(h) STAFF OF FEDERAL AGENCIES.-Upon request of the chair-
person of the Task Force, the head of any of the Federal agencies
and entities referred to under subsection (b)(1) may detail, on
a nonreimbursable basis, any of the personnel of such agency to
the Task Force to assist the Task Force in carrying out its duties
under this section.
	(i) POWERS.-In carrying out this section, the Task Force may
hold hearings, sit and act at times and places, take testimony,
receive evidence and assistance, provide information, and conduct
research as the Task Force considers appropriate.
	(j) TERMINATION.-The Task Force shall terminate upon the
expiration of the 24-month period beginning upon the designation
of the last member to be designated under subsection (b)(1).

	SEC. 562. TASK FORCE ON NATURAL AND BENEFICIAL FUNCTIONS
OF THE FLOODPLAIN.
	(a) ESTABLISHMENT.-There is hereby established an inter-agency task force to be known as the Task Force on Natural and Beneficial Functions of the Floodplain (in this section referred to as the “Task Force”).
	(b) MEMBERSHIP.-The Task Force shall be composed of 5 mem-bers, who shall be the designees of-
		(1) the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere;
		(2) the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service;
		(3) the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency;
		(4) the Secretary of the Army, acting through the Chief of Engineers; and
		(5) the Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency.