108 STAT. 2206       PUBLIC LAW 103-325—SEPT. 23, 1994

take action at a later time that results in the termination
of its obligation to enroll loans and make contributions to
reserve funds;
(4) the State has prescribed a form of participation agree-
ment to be entered into between it and each participating
financial institution that is consistent with the requirements
and purposes of this subtitle; and
(5) the State and the Fund have executed a reimbursement
agreement that conforms to the requirements of this subtitle.
(c) EXISTING STATE PROGRAMS.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—A State that is not a participating State,
but that has its own capital access program providing portfolio
insurance for business loans (based on a separate loss reserve
fund for each financial institution), may apply at any time
to the Fund to be approved to be a participating State. The
Fund shall approve such State to be a participating State,
and to be eligible for reimbursements by the Fund pursuant
to section 257, if the State—
(A) satisfies the requirements of subsections (a) and
(b); and
(B) certifies that each affected financial institution has
satisfied the requirements of section 254.
(2) APPLICABLE TERMS OF PARTICIPATION.—
(A) STATUS OF INSTITUTIONS.—If a State is approved
for participation under paragraph (1), each financial
institution with a participation agreement in effect with
the participating State shall immediately be considered
a participating financial institution. Reimbursements may
be made under section 257 in connection with all contribu-
tions made to the reserve fund by the State in connection
with lending that occurs on or after the date on which
the Fund approved the State for participation.
(B) EFFECTIVE DATE OF PARTICIPATION.—If an amended
participation agreement that conforms with section 255
is required in order to secure participation approval by
the Fund, contributions subject to reimbursement under
section 257 shall include only those contributions made
to a reserve fund with respect to loans enrolled on or
after the date that an amended participation agreement
between the participating State and the participating finan-
cial institution becomes effective.
(C) USE OF ACCUMULATED RESERVE FUNDS.—A State
that is approved for participation in accordance with this
subsection may continue to implement the program utiliz-
ing the reserve funds accumulated under the State
program.
(d) PRIOR APPROPRIATIONS REQUIREMENT.—The Fund shall not
approve a State for participation in the Program until at least
$50,000,000 has been appropriated to the Fund (subject to an appro-
priations Act), without fiscal year limitation, for the purpose of
making reimbursements pursuant to section 257 and otherwise
carrying out this subtitle.
(e) AMENDMENTS TO AGREEMENTS.—If a State that has been
approved to be a participating State wishes to amend its form
of participation agreement and continue to be a participating State,
such State shall submit such amendment for review by the Fund