PUBLIC LAW 103-325—SEPT. 23, 1994

pursuant to the terms of a loan, including amounts for taxes, insurance premiums, and other charges with respect to the property securing the loan, and making the payments of principal and interest and such other payments with respect to the amounts received from the borrower as may be required pursuant to the terms of the loan.”

(b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT—Section 1322(d) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4029(d)) is amended by striking “federally supervised, approved, regulated or insured financial institution” and inserting “regulated lending institution or Federal agency lender”.

Subtitle B—Compliance and Increased Participation

SEC. 521. NONWAIVER OF FLOOD PURCHASE REQUIREMENT FOR RECIPIENTS OF FEDERAL DISASTER ASSISTANCE.

Section 311(b) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5154(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: “The requirements of this subsection may not be waived under section 301.”.

SEC. 522. EXPANDED FLOOD INSURANCE PURCHASE REQUIREMENTS.

(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 102(b) of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a(b)) is amended to read as follows:
   “(b) REQUIREMENT FOR MORTGAGE LOANS.—
      “(1) REGULATED LENDING INSTITUTIONS.—Each Federal entity for lending regulation (after consultation and coordination with the Financial Institutions Examination Council established under the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1974) shall by regulation direct regulated lending institutions not to make, increase, extend, or renew any loan secured by improved real estate or a mobile home located or to be located in an area that has been identified by the Director as an area having special flood hazards and in which flood insurance has been made available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, unless the building or mobile home and any personal property securing such loan is covered for the term of the loan by flood insurance in an amount at least equal to the outstanding principal balance of the loan or the maximum limit of coverage made available under the Act with respect to the particular type of property, whichever is less.
      “(2) FEDERAL AGENCY LENDERS.—A Federal agency lender may not make, increase, extend, or renew any loan secured by improved real estate or a mobile home located or to be located in an area that has been identified by the Director as an area having special flood hazards and in which flood insurance has been made available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, unless the building or mobile home and any personal property securing such loan is covered for the term of the loan by flood insurance in the amount provided in paragraph (1). Each Federal agency lender shall issue any regulations necessary to carry out this paragraph. Such regulations shall be consistent with and substantially identical to the regulations issued under paragraph (1).

108 STAT. 2257