108 STAT. 2208           PUBLIC LAW 103-325—SEPT. 23, 1994

(f) ENROLLMENT PROCESS.—
    (1) FILING.—
        (A) IN GENERAL.—A participating financial institution shall file each loan made under the Program for enrollment by completing and submitting to the participating State a form prescribed by the participating State.
        (B) FORM.—The form referred to in subparagraph (A) shall include a representation by the participating financial institution that it has complied with the participation agreement in enrolling the loan with the State.
        (C) PREMIUM CHARGES.—Accompanying the completed form shall be the nonrefundable premium charges paid by the borrower and the participating financial institution, or evidence that such premium charges have been deposited into the deposit account containing the reserve fund, if applicable.
        (D) SUBMISSION.—The participation agreement shall require that the items required by this subsection shall be submitted to the participating State by the participating financial instititons not later than 10 calendar days after a loan is made.
    (2) ENROLLMENT BY STATE.—Upon receipt by the participating State of the filing submitted in accordance with paragraph (1), the participating State shall promptly enroll the loan and make a matching contribution to the reserve fund in accordance with subsection (j), unless the information submitted indicates that the participating financial institution has not complied with the participation agreement in enrolling the loan.
(g) COVERAGE AMOUNT.—In filing a loan for enrollment under the Program, the participating financial institution may specify an amount to be covered under the Program that is less than the full amount of the loan.
(h) PREMIUM CHARGES.—
    (1) MINIMUM AND MAXIMUM AMOUNTS.—The premium charges payable to the reserve fund by the borrower and the participating financial institution shall be prescribed by the participating financial institution, within minimum and maximum limits set forth in the participation agreement. The participation agreement shall establish minimum and maximum limits whereby the sum of the premium charges paid in connection with a loan by the borrower and the participating financial institution is not less than 3 percent nor more than 7 percent of the amount of the loan covered under the Program.
    (2) ALLOCATION OF PREMIUM CHARGES.—The participation agreement shall specify terms for allocating premium charges between the borrower and the participating financial institution. However, if the participating financial institution is required to pay any of the premium charges, the participation agreement shall authorize the participating financial institution to recover from the borrower the cost of the payment of the participating financial institution, in any manner on which the participating financial institution and the borrower agree.
(i) RESTRICTIONS.—
    (1) ACTIONS PROHIBITED.—Except as provided in subsection (h) and paragraph (2) of this subsection, the participating State may not—