PUBLIC LAW 103-325—SEPT. 23, 1994                108 STAT. 2197

               "(2) all costs and charges to the consumer, including the
                        costs of any associated annuity that the consumer elects or
                        is required to purchase as part of the reverse mortgage trans-
                        action;
                   "(3) all payments to and for the benefit of the consumer,
                        including, in the case in which an associated annuity is pur-
                        chased (whether or not required by the lender as a condition
                        of making the reverse mortgage), the annuity payments
                        received by the consumer and financed from the proceeds of
                        the loan, instead of the proceeds used to finance the annuity;
                        and
                   "(4) any limitation on the liability of the consumer under
                         reverse mortgage transactions (such as nonrecourse limits and
                         equity conservation agreements).".
            (c) HOME EQUITY PLAN EXEMPTION.—Section 137(b) of the
Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1647(b)) is amended by adding
at the end the following:
            "This subsection does not apply to reverse mortgage transactions.".
            (d) TABLE OF SECTIONS.—The table of sections at the beginning
of chapter 2 of the Truth in Lending Act is amended by inserting
after the item relating to section 137 the following:
     "138. Reverse mortgages.".

SEC. 155. REGULATIONS.
          Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this
Act, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall
issue such regulations as may be necessary to carry out this subtitle,
and such regulations shall become effective on the date on which
disclosure regulations are required to become effective under section
105(d) of the Truth in Lending Act.

SEC. 156. APPLICABILITY.
        This subtitle, and the amendments made by this subtitle, shall
apply to every mortgage referred to in section 103(aa) of the Truth
in Lending Act (as added by section 152(a) of this Act) consummated
on or after the date on which regulations issued under section
155 become effective.

SEC. 157. FEDERAL RESERVE STUDY.
         During the period beginning 180 days after the date of enact-
ment of this Act and ending 2 years after that date of enactment,
the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall conduct
a study and submit to the Congress a report, including recommenda-
tions for any appropriate legislation, regarding—
         (1)whether a consumer engaging in an open end credit
               transaction (as defined in section 103 of the Truth in Lending
               Act) secured by the consumer's principal dwelling is provided
               adequate protections under Federal law, including section 127A
               of the Truth in Lending Act; and
         (2) whether a more appropriate interest rate index exists
               for purposes of subparagraph (A) of section 103(aa)(1) of the
               Truth in Lending Act (as added by section 152(a) the Act)
               than the yield on Treasury securities referred to in that
               subparagraph.

SEC. 158. HEARINGS ON HOME EQUITY LENDING.
(a) HEARINGS.—Not less than once during the 3-year period
                 beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, and regularly