PUBLIC LAW 103-325—SEPT. 23, 1994
                                  108 STAT. 2201                                              

SEC. 208. INSURED DEPOSITORY INSTITUTION CAPITAL REQUIRE-      
              MENTS FOR TRANSFERS OF SMALL BUSINESS OBLIGA-      
              TIONS.            
                                              
          (a) ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES.—The accounting principles          
      applicable to the transfer of a small business loan or a lease      
      of personal property with recourse contained in reports or state-      
      ments required to be filed with Federal banking agencies by a      
      qualified insured depository institution shall be consistent with      
      generally accepted accounting principles.      
          (b) CAPITAL AND RESERVE REQUIREMENTS.—With respect to      
      the transfer of a small business loan or lease of personal property      
      with recourse that is a sale under generally accepted accounting      
      principles, each qualified insured depository institution shall—      
              (I) establish and maintain a reserve equal to an amount       
      sufficient to meet the reasonable estimated liability of the      
      institution under the recourse arrangement; and      
              (2) include, for purposes of applicable capital standards      
      and other capital measures, only the amount of the retained      
      recourse in the risk-weighted assets of the institution.      
          (c) QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONS CRITERIA.—An insured depository      
      institution is a qualified insured depository institution for purposes      
      of this section if, without regard to the accounting principles or      
      capital requirements referred to in subsections (a) and (b), the      
      institution is—      
              (l) well capitalized; or      
              (2) with the approval, by regulation or order, of the appro-      
      priate Federal banking agency, adequately capitalized.      
          (d) AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF RECOURSE.—The total outstanding      
      amount of recourse retained by a qualified insured depository      
      institution with respect to transfers of small business loans and      
      leases of personal property under subsections (a) and (b) shall      
      not exceed—      
              (1) 15 percent of the risk-based capital of the institution;      
      or      
              (2) such greater amount, as established by the appropriate      
      Federal banking agency by regulation or order.      
          (e) INSTITUTIONS THAT CEASE TO BE QUALIFIED OR EXCEED      
      AGGREGATE LIMITS.—If an insured depository institution ceases      
      to be a qualified insured depository institution or exceeds the limits      
      under subsection (d), this section shall remain applicable to any      
      transfers of small business loans or leases of personal property      
      that occurred during the time that the institution was qualified      
      and did not exceed such limit.      
          (f) PROMPT CORRECTIVE ACTION NOT AFFECTED.—The capital       
      of an insured depository institution shall be computed without       
      regard to this section in determining whether the institution is       
      adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly       
      undercapitalized, or critically undercapitalized under section 38       
      of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.
          (g) REGULATIONS REQUIRED.—Not later than 180 days after       
      the date of enactment of this Act each appropriate Federal banking       
      agency shall promulgate final regulations implementing this section.
          (h) ALTERNATIVE SYSTEM PERMITTED.—       
              (1) IN GENERAL.—At the discretion of the appropriate Fed-       
      era! banking agency, this section shall not apply if the regula-       
      tions of the agency provide that the aggregate amount of capital       
      and reserves required with respect to the transfer of small          