108 STAT. 2234          PUBLIC LAW 103-325—SEPT. 23, 1994

SEC. 336. ALTERNATIVE RULES FOR RADIO ADVERTISING.

   (a) AMENDMENT TO THE TRUTH IN LENDING ACT.—Section 184
of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1667c) is amended—
       (1) by redesignating subsection (b) as subsection (c); and
       (2) by inserting after subsection (a) the following new
        subsection:
   "(b) RADIO ADVERTISEMENTS.—
        "(1) IN GENERAL.—An advertisement by radio broadcast
        to aid, promote, or assist, directly or indirectly, any consumer
        lease shall be deemed to be in compliance with the requirements
        of subsection (a) if such advertisement clearly and conspicuously—
             "(A) states the information required by paragraphs
            (1) and (2) of subsection (a);
             "(B) states the number, amounts, due dates or periods
            of scheduled payments, and the total of such payments
            under the lease;
             "(C) includes—
                   "(i) a referral to—
                       "(I) a toll-free telephone number established
                      in accordance with paragraph (2) that may be used
                      by consumers to obtain the information required
                      under subsection (a); or
                       "(II) a written advertisement that—
                          "(aa) appears in a publication in general
                          circulation in the community served by the
                          radio station on which such advertisement is
                          broadcast during the period beginning 3 days
                          before any such broadcast and ending 10 days
                          after such broadcast; and
                          "(bb) includes the information required to
                          be disclosed under subsection (a); and
                   "(ii) the name and dates of any publication referred
                  to in clause (i)(II); and
             "(D) includes any other information which the Board
            determines necessary to carry out this chapter.
        "(2) ESTABLISHMENT OF TOLL-FREE NUMBER.—
             "(A) IN GENERAL.—In the case of a radio broadcast 
            advertisement described in paragraph (1) that includes a
            referral to a toll-free telephone number, the lessor who
            offers the consumer lease shall—
                   "(i) establish such a toll-free telephone number
                      not later than the date on which the advertisement
                      including the referral is broadcast;
                   "(ii) maintain such telephone number for a period
                      of not less than 10 days, beginning on the date of
                      any such broadcast; and 
                   "(iii) provide the information required under sub-
                      section (a) with respect to the lease to any person
                      who calls such number.
             "(B) FORM OF INFORMATION.—The information required
            to be provided under subparagraph (A)(iii) shall be provided
            verbally or, if requested by the consumer, in written form.
        "(3) NO EFFECT ON OTHER LAW.—Nothing in this subsection
      shall affect the requirements of Federal law as such require-
      ments apply to advertisement by any medium other than radio 
      broadcast.".