108 STAT. 2260         PUBLIC LAW 103-325—SEPT. 23, 1994

paragraph (1), (2), or (3) of subsection (b), the lender or servicer shall notify the borrower under the loan that the borrower should obtain, at the borrower's expense, an amount of flood insurance for the building or mobile home and such personal property that is not less than the amount under subsection (b)(1), for the term of the loan.
"(2) PURCHASE OF COVERAGE ON BEHALF OF BORROWER.—
If the borrower fails to purchase such flood insurance within 45 days after notification under paragraph (1), the lender or servicer for the loan shall purchase the insurance on behalf of the borrower and may charge the borrower for the cost of premiums and fees incurred by the lender or servicer for the loan in purchasing the insurance.
"(3) REVIEW OF DETERMINATION REGARDING REQUIRED PURCHASE.—
"(A) IN GENERAL.—The borrower and lender for a loan secured by improved real estate or a mobile home may jointly request the Director to review a determination of whether the building or mobile home is located in an area having special flood hazards. Such request shall be supported by technical information relating to the improved real estate or mobile home. Not later than 45 days after the Director receives the request, the Director shall review the determination and provided to the borrower and the lender with a letter stating whether or not the building or mobile home is in an area having special flood hazards. The determination of the Director shall be final.
"(B) EFFECT OF DETERMINATION.—Any person to whom a borrower provides a letter issued by the Director pursuant to subparagraph (A), stating that the building or mobile home securing the loan of the borrower is not in an area having special flood hazards, shall have no obligation under this title to require the purchase of flood insurance for such building or mobile home during the period determined by the Director, which shall be specified in the letter and shall begin on the date on which such letter is provided.
"(C) EFFECT OF FAILURE TO RESPOND.—If a request under subparagraph (A) is made in connection with the origination of a loan and the Director fails to provide a letter under subparagraph (A) before the later of (i) the expiration of the 45-day period under such subparagraph, or (ii) the closing of the loan, no person shall have an obligation under this title to require the purchase of flood insurance for the building or mobile home securing the loan until such letter is provided.
"(4) APPLICABILITY.—This subsection shall apply to all loans outstanding on or after the date of enactment of the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994.".

SEC. 525. PENALTIES FOR FAILURE TO REQUIRE FLOOD INSURANCE OR NOTIFY.
Section 102 of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a), as amended by the preceding provisions of this title, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsections: