108 STAT. 2272 PUBLIC LAW 103-325-SEPT. 23, 1994

"(F) the provision of technical assistance by States to communities and individuals to conduct eligible mitigation activities;
"(G) other activities that the Director considers appropriate and specifies in regulation; and
"(H) other mitigation activities not described in subparagraphs (A) through (F) or the regulations issued under subparagraph (G), that are described in the mitigation plan of a State or community.
"(f) LIMITATIONS ON AMOUNT OF ASSISTANCE. -
"(1) AMOUNT. - The sum of the amounts of mitigation assistance provided under this section during any 5-year period may not exceed -
"(A) $10,000,000, to any State; or
"(B) $3,300,000, to any community.
"(2) GEOGRAPHIC. - The sum of the amounts of mitigation assistance provided under this section during any 5-year period to any one State and all communities located in such State may not exceed $20,000,000.
"(3) WAIVER. - The Director may waive the dollar amount limitations under paragraphs (1) and (2) for any State or community for any 5-year period during which a major disaster or emergency declared by the President (pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act) as a result of flood conditions is in effect with respect to areas in the State or community.
"(g) MATCHING REQUIREMENT. -
"(1) IN GENERAL. - The Director may not provide mitigation assistance under this section to a State or community in an amount exceeding 3 times the amount that the State or community certifies, as the Director shall require, that the State or community will contribute from non-Federal funds to develop a mitigation plan under subsection (c) and to carry out mitigation activities under the approved mitigation plan. In no case shall any in-kind contribution by any State or community exceed one-half of the amount of non-Federal funds contributed by the State or community.
"(2) NON-FEDERAL FUNDS. - For purposes of this subsection, the term 'non-Federal funds' includes State or local agency funds, in-kind contributions, any salary paid to staff to carry out the mitigation activities of the recipient, the value of the time and services contributed by volunteers to carry out such activities (at a rate determined by the Director), and the value of any donated material or building and the value of any lease on a building.
(h) OVERSIGHT OF MITIGATION PLANS. - The Director shall conduct oversight of recipients of mitigation assistance under this section to ensure that the assistance is used in compliance with the approved mitigation plans of the recipients and that matching funds certified under subsection (g) are used in accordance with such certification.
"(i) RECAPTURE. -
"(1) NONCOMPLIANCE WITH PLAN. - If the Director determines that a State or community that has received mitigation assistance under this section has not carried out the mitigation activities as set forth in the mitigation plan, the Director shall