PUBLIC LAW 103-325--SEPT. 23, 1994           108 STAT. 2187

and soundness of the insured community development financial institution or other institution that is examined by or subject to the reporting requirements of an appropriate Federal banking agency.

SEC. 117. STUDIES AND REPORTS; EXAMINATION AND AUDIT.
    (a) ANNUAL REPORT BY THE FUND.—The Fund shall conduct an annual evaluation of the activities carried out by the Fund and the community development financial institutions and other organizations assisted pursuant to this subtitle, and shall submit a report of its findings to the President and the Congress not later than 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Fund. The report shall include financial statements audited in accordance with subsection (f).
    (b) OPTIONAL STUDIES.—The Fund may conduct such studies as the Fund determines necessary to further the purpose of this subtitle and to facilitate investment in distressed communities. The findings of any studies conducted pursuant to this subsection shall be included in the report required by subsection (a).
    (c) NATIVE AMERICAN LENDING STUDY.—
        (1) IN GENERAL.—The Fund shall conduct a study on lending and investment practices on Indian reservations and other land held in trust by the United States. Such study shall—
            (A) identify barriers to private financing on such lands; and
            (B) identify the impact of such barriers on access to capital and credit for Native American populations.
        (2) REPORT.—Not later than 12 months after the date on which the Administrator is appointed, the Fund shall submit a report to the President and the Congress that—
            (A) contains the findings of the study conducted under paragraph (1);
            (B) recommends any necessary statutory and regulatory changes to existing Federal programs; and
            (C) makes policy recommendations for community development financial institutions, insured depository institutions, secondary market institutions, and other private sector capital institutions to better serve such populations.
    (d) INVESTMENT, GOVERNANCE, AND ROLE OF FUND.—Thirty months after the appointment and qualification of the Administrator, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the President and the Congress a study evaluating the structure, governance, and performance of the Fund.
    (e) CONSULTATION.—In the conduct of the studies required under this section, the Fund shall consult, as appropriate, with the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Housing Finance Board, the Farm Credit Administration, the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision, the National Credit Union Administration Board, Indian tribal governments, community reinvestment organizations, civil rights organizations, consumer organizations, financial organizations, and such representatives of agencies or other persons, at the discretion of the Fund.
    (f) EXAMINATION AND AUDIT.—The financial statements of the Fund shall be audited in accordance with section 9105 of title