PUBLIC LAW 103-325—SEPT. 23, 1994                     108 STAT. 2265

"(2) CONTENTS.—The form shall require identification of 
         the type of flood-risk zone in which the building or mobile 
         home is located, the complete map and panel numbers for 
         the improved real estate or property on which the mobile home 
         is located, the community identification number and community 
         participation status (for purposes of the national flood insurance 
         program) of the community in which the improved real estate 
         or such property is located, and the date of the map used 
         for the determination, with respect to flood hazard information 
         on file with the Director. If the building or mobile home is 
         not located in an area having special flood hazards the form 
         shall require a statement to such effect and shall indicate 
         the complete map and panel numbers of the improved real 
         estate or property on which the mobile home is located. If 
         the complete map and panel numbers are not available because 
         the building or mobile home is not located in a community 
         that is participating in the national flood insurance program 
         or because no map exists for the relevant area, the form shall 
         require a statement to such effect. The form shall provide 
         for inclusion or attachment of any relevant documents indicat- 
         ing revisions or amendments to maps. 

    "(c) REQUIRED USE.—The Federal entities for lending regulation 
         shall by regulation require the use of the form under this section 
         by regulated lending institutions. Each Federal agency lender shall 
         by regulation provide for the use of the form with respect to any 
         loan made by such Federal agency lender. The Federal National 
         Mortgage Association and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Cor- 
         poration and the Government National Mortgage Association shall 
         require the use of the form with respect to any loan purchased 
         by such entities. A lender or other person may comply with the 
         requirement under this subsection by using the form in a printed, 
         computerized, or electronic manner. 

    "(d) GUARANTEES REGARDING INFORMATION.—In providing 
         information regarding special flood hazards on the form developed 
         under this section, any lender (or other person required to use 
         the form) who makes, increases, extends, or renews a loan secured 
         by improved real estate or a mobile home may provide for the 
         acquisition or determination of such information to be made by 
         a person other than such lender (or other person), only to the 
         extent such person guarantees the accuracy of the information. 

    "(e) RELIANCE ON PREVIOUS DETERMINATION.—Any person 
         increasing, extending, renewing, or purchasing a loan secured by 
         improved real estate or a mobile home may rely on a previous 
         determination of whether the building or mobile home is located 
         in an area having special flood hazards (and shall not be liable 
         for any error in such previous determination), if the previous deter- 
         mination was made not more than 7 years before the date of 
         the transaction and the basis for the previous determination has 
         been set forth on a form under this section, unless—
    
            "(1) map revisions or updates pursuant to section 1360(f) after such previous determination have resulted in the building
         or mobile home being located in an area having special flood 
         hazards; or 

             "(2) the person contacts the Director to determine when the most recent map revisions or updates affecting such property occurred and such revisions and updates have occurred after such previous determination. 

79-194 0-95—17: QL 3 Part 3