PUBLIC LAW 103-325--SEPT. 23, 1994					                                                     108 STAT. 2281

Geographic Data Committee (established pursuant to OMB Circular A--16).
	(f)  COMPENSATION.—Members of the Council shall receive no additional compensation by reason of their service on the Council.
	(g) MEETINGS AND ACTIONS.—
		(1) IN GENERAL.—The Council shall meet not less than twice each year at the request of the Chairperson or a majority of its members and may take action by a vote of the majority of the members.
		(2) INITIAL MEETING.—The Director, or a person designated by the Director, shall request and coordinate the initial meeting of the Council.
	(h) OFFICERS.—The Chairperson may appoint officers to assist in carrying out the duties of the Council under subsection (c).
	(i) STAFF OF FEMA.—Upon the request of the Chairperson, the Director may detail, on a nonreimbursable basis, personnel of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to assist the Council in carrying out its duties.
	(j) POWERS.—In carrying out this section, the Council may hold hearings, receive evidence and assistance, provide information, and conduct research as it considers appropriate.
	(k) TERMINATION.—The Council shall terminate 5 years after the date on which all members of the Council have been appointed under subsection (b)(1).

SEC. 577. EVALUATION OF EROSION HAZARDS.
	(a) REPORT REQUIREMENT.—The Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (in this section referred to as the "Director") shall submit a report under this section to the Congress that—
		(1) lists all communities that are likely to be identified as having erosion hazard areas;
		(2) estimates the amount of flood insurance claims under the national flood insurance program that are attributable to erosion;
		(3) states the amount of flood insurance claims under such program that are attributable to claims under section 1306(c) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968;
		(4) assesses the full economic impact of erosion on the National Flood Insurance Fund; and
		(5) determines the costs and benefits of expenditures necessary from the National Flood Insurance Fund to complete mapping of erosion hazard areas.
	(b) ESTIMATE OF FLOOD CLAIMS.—In developing the estimate under subsection (a)(2)—
		(1) the Director may map a statistically valid and representative number of communities with erosion hazard areas throughout the United States, including coastal, Great Lakes, and, if technologically feasible, riverine areas; and
		(2) the Director shall take into consideration the efforts of State and local governments to assess, measure, and reduce erosion hazards.
	(c) ECONOMIC IMPACT.—
		(1) IN GENERAL.—The assessment under subsection (a)(4) shall assess the economic impact of—
			(A) erosion on communities listed pursuant to subsection (a)(1);