"(ii) less than 8 percentage points; or
(ii) greater than 12 percentage points.
(C) In determining whether to increase or decrease the number
of percentage points referred to in subparagraph (A), the Board
shall consult with representatives of consumers, including low-
income consumers, and lenders.
(3) The amount specified in paragraph (1)(B)(ii) shall be
adjusted annually on January 1 by the annual percentage change
in the Consumer Price Index, as reported on June 1 of the year
preceding such adjustment.
(4) For purposes of paragraph (1)(B), points and fees shall
include—
(A) all items included in the finance charge, except interest
or the time-price differential;
(B) all compensation paid to mortgage brokers;
(C) each of the charges listed in section 106(e) (except
an escrow for future payment of taxes), unless—
(i) the charge is reasonable;
(ii) the creditor receives no direct or indirect com-
pensation; and
(iii) the charge is paid to a third party unaffiliated
with the creditor; and
(D) such other charges as the Board determines to be
appropriate.
(5) This subsection shall not be construed to limit the rate
of interest or the finance charge that a person may charge a
consumer for any extension of credit.”
(b) MATERIAL DISCLOSURES.—Section 103(u) of the Truth in
Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1602(u)) is amended—
(1) by striking ‘‘and the due dates’’ and inserting ‘‘the
due dates’’; and
(2) by inserting before the period ‘‘, and the disclosures
required by section 129(a)’’.
(c) DEFINITION OF CREDITOR CLARIFIED.—Section 103(f) of the
Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1602(f)) is amended by adding
at the end the following: ‘‘Any person who originates 2 or more
mortgages referred to in subsection (aa) in any 12-month period
or any person who originates 1 or more such mortgages through
a mortgage broker shall be considered to be a creditor for purposes
of this title.’’.
(d) DISCLOSURES REQUIRED AND CERTAIN TERMS PROHIBITED.—
The Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.) is amended
by inserting after section 128 the following new section:
‘‘SEC. 129. REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTAIN MORTGAGES.
‘‘(a) DISCLOSURES.—
‘‘(1) SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES.—In addition to other disclo-
sures required under this title, for each mortgage referred
to in section 103(aa), the creditor shall provide the following
disclosures in conspicuous type size:
‘‘(A) ‘You are not required to complete this agreement
merely because you have received these disclosures or have
signed a loan application.’;
‘‘(B) ‘If you obtain this loan, the lender will have a
mortgage on your home. You could lose your home, and
any money you have put into it, if you do not meet your
obligations under the loan.’.

108 STAT. 2191