PUBLIC LAW 103-325—SEPT. 23, 1994

Director shall not be required to make flood insurance coverage available for such an agricultural structure unless the structure is wet flood-proofed through permanent or contingent measures applied to the structure or its contents that prevent or provide resistance to damage from flooding by allowing flood waters to pass through the structure, as determined by the Director.
“(C) PROHIBITION ON DISASTER RELIEF.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any agricultural structure repaired or restored pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall not be eligible for disaster relief assistance under any program administered by the Director or any other Federal agency.
“(D) DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of this paragraph—
“(i) the term ‘agricultural structure’ means any structure used exclusively in connection with the production, harvesting, storage, raising, or drying of agricultural commodities; and
“(ii) the term ‘agricultural commodities’ means agricultural commodities and livestock.”

SEC. 581. IMPLEMENTATION REVIEW BY DIRECTOR.
Section 1320 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4027) is amended—
(1) by striking “The Director” and inserting “(a) IN GENERAL.—The Director”; and
(2) by adding at the end the following new subsection:
“(b) EFFECTS OF FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM.—The Director shall include, as part of the biennial report submitted under subsection (a), a chapter reporting on the effects on the flood insurance program observed through implementation of requirements under the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994.”

SEC. 582. PROHIBITED FLOOD DISASTER ASSISTANCE.

(a) GENERAL PROHIBITION.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no Federal disaster relief assistance made available in a flood disaster area may be used to make a payment (including any loan assistance payment) to a person for repair, replacement, or restoration for damage to any personal, residential, or commercial property if that person at any time has received flood disaster assistance that was conditional on the person first having obtained flood insurance under applicable Federal law and subsequently having failed to obtain and maintain flood insurance as required under applicable Federal law on such property.
(b) TRANSFER OF PROPERTY.—
(1) DUTY TO NOTIFY.—In the event of the transfer of any property described in paragraph (3), the transferor shall, not later than the date on which such transfer occurs, notify the transferee in writing of the requirements to—
(A) obtain flood insurance in accordance with applicable Federal law with respect to such property, if the property is not so insured as of the date on which the property is transferred; and
(B) maintain flood insurance in accordance with applicable Federal law with respect to such property.
Such written notification shall be contained in documents evidencing the transfer of ownership of the property.