PUBLIC LAW 103-325—SEPT. 23, 1994             108 STAT. 2259

tion with the Financial Institutions Examination Council) shall by regulation require that, if a regulated lending institution requires the escrowing of taxes, insurance premiums, fees, or any other charges for a loan secured by residential improved real estate or a mobile home, then all premiums and fees for flood insurance under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 for the real estate or mobile home shall be paid to the regulated lending institution or other servicer for the loan in a manner sufficient to make payments as due for the dura¬tion of the loan. Upon receipt of the premiums, the regulated lending institution or servicer of the loan shall deposit the premiums in an escrow account on behalf of the borrower. Upon receipt of a notice from the Director or the provider of the insurance that insurance premiums are due, the regu¬lated lending institution or servicer shall pay from the escrow account to the provider of the insurance the amount of insur¬ance premiums owed.
"(2) FEDERAL AGENCY LENDERS.—Each Federal agency lender shall by regulation require and provide for escrow and payment of any flood insurance premiums and fees relating to residential improved real estate and mobile homes securing loans made by the Federal agency lender under the cir¬cumstances and in the manner provided under paragraph (1). Any regulations issued under this paragraph shall be consistent with and substantially identical to the regulations issued under paragraph (1).
"(3) APPLICABILITY OF RESPA.—Escrow accounts established pursuant to this subsection shall be subject to the provisions of section 10 of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974.
"(4) DEFINITION.—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘residential improved real estate" means improved real estate for which the improvement is a residential building.
‘‘(5) APPLICABILITY.—This subsection shall apply only with respect to any loan made, increased, extended, or renewed after the expiration of the 1-year period beginning on the date of enactment of the Riegle Community Development and Regu¬latory Improvement Act of 1994.".
SEC. 524. PLACEMENT OF FLOOD INSURANCE BY LENDERS.
Section 102 of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C, 4012a), as amended by the preceding provisions of this title, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection:
“(e) PLACEMENT OF FLOOD INSURANCE BY LENDER.—
"(1) NOTIFICATION TO BORROWER OF LACK OF COVERAGE.— If, at the time of origination or at any time during the term of a loan secured by improved real estate or by a mobile home located in an area that has been identified by the Director (at the time of the origination of the loan or at any time during the term of the loan) as an area having special flood hazards and in which flood insurance is available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, the lender or servicer for the loan determines that the building or mobile home and any personal property securing the loan is not covered by flood insurance or is covered by such insurance in an amount less than the amount required for the property pursuant to