108 STAT. 2216            PUBLIC LAW 103-325—SEPT. 23, 1994

 (1) to eliminate, to the extent practicable, duplicative or 
    otherwise unnecessary requests for information in connection 
    with applications or notices to the agencies; and
 (2) to harmonize, to the extent practicable, any inconsistent 
    publication and public notice requirements.
SEC. 305. COORDINATED AND UNIFIED EXAMINATIONS.
 (a) IN GENERAL.—Section 10(d) of the Federal Deposit Insur-
ance Act (12 U.S.C. 1820(d)) is amended by adding at the end 
the following new paragraphs:
 "(6) COORDINATED EXAMINATIONS.—To minimize the disrup- 
    tive effects of examinations on the operations of insured depos-
    itory institutions—
 "(A) each appropriate Federal banking agency shall, 
    to the extent practicable and consistent with principles 
    of safety and soundness and the public interest—
  "(i) coordinate examinations to be conducted by 
    that agency at an insured depository institution and 
    its affiliates;
 "(ii) coordinate with the other appropriate Federal 
    banking agencies in the conduct of such examinations;
 "(iii) work to coordinate with the appropriate State 
    bank supervisor—
 "(I) the conduct of all examinations made 
    pursuant to this subsection; and
 "(II) the number, types, and frequency of 
    reports required to be submitted to such agencies 
    and supervisors by insured depository institutions, 
    and the type and amount of information required 
    to be included in such reports; and
 "(iv) use copies of reports of examinations of 
    insured depository institutions made by any other Fed-
    eral banking agency or appropriate State bank super-
    visor to eliminate duplicative requests for information;
    and
 "(B) not later than 2 years after the date of enactment 
    of the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory 
    Improvement Act of 1994, the Federal banking agencies 
    shall jointly establish and implement a system for deter-
    mining which one of the Federal banking agencies shall 
    be the lead agency responsible for managing a unified 
    examination of each insured depository institution and its 
    affiliates, as required by this subsection.
 "(7) SEPARATE EXAMINATIONS PERMITTED.—Notwithstand-
    ing paragraph (6), each appropriate Federal banking agency 
    may conduct a separate examination in an emergency or under 
    other exigent circumstances, or when the agency believes that 
    a violation of law may have occurred.
 "(8) REPORT.—At the time the system provided for in para-
    graph (6) is established, the Federal banking agencies shall 
    submit a joint report describing the system to the Committee 
    on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and 
    the Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs of the 
    House of Representatives. Thereafter, the Federal banking 
    agencies shall annually submit a joint report to the Committee 
    on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and 
    the Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs of the