PUBLIC LAW 103-325--SEPT. 23, 1994            108 STAT. 2283

cost-beneficial compared to alternative uses of such amounts,
including--
(A) funding the mitigation assistance program under
section 1366 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968
(as added by section 553 of this Act);
(B) funding the program under section 1304(b) of the 
National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (as added by section
555(a) of this Act) that provides additional coverage under 
the national flood insurance program for compliance with 
land use and control measures; and
(C) reviewing, revising, and updating flood insurance 
rate maps under subsections (e) and (f) of section 1360 
of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (as added 
by the amendment made by section 575 of this Act);
(3) if the Director determines under subsection (b)(1) that 
mapping of riverine areas for erosion hazard areas is techno-
logically feasible, determine the costs and benefits of conducting 
the mapping of erosion hazards in riverine areas (A) separately 
from the mapping of other erosion hazard areas, and (B) 
together with the mapping of other such areas;
(4) if the Director determines that the savings to the 
National Flood Insurance Fund will exceed the cost of mapping 
erosion hazard areas in riverine areas, assess whether using 
flood insurance premiums for costs of mapping erosion hazard 
areas in riverine areas is cost-beneficial compared to alternative 
uses of such amounts, including the uses under subparagraphs 
(A) through (C) of paragraph (2); and
(5) determine the costs and benefits of mapping erosion, 
other than those directly related to the financial condition 
of the National Flood Insurance Program, and the costs of 
not mapping erosion.
(e) DEFINITION. --For purposes of this section, the term "erosion 
hazard area" means, based on erosion rate information and other 
historical data available, an area where erosion or avulsion is 
likely to result in damage to or loss of buildings and infrastructure 
within a 60-year period.
(f) CONSULTATION.--In preparing the report under this section, 
the Director shall consult with--
(1) representatives from State coastal zone management 
programs approved under section 306 of the Coastal Zone 
Management Act of 1972;
(2) the Administrator of the National Oceanic and 
Atmospheric Administration, and
(3) any other persons, officials, or entities that the Director 
considers appropriate.
(g) SUBMISSION.-- The Director shall submit the report to the 
Congress as soon as practicable, but not later than 2 years after Reports.
the date of enactment of this Act.
(h) AVAILABILITY OF NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE FUND. --Sec-
tion 1310(a) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C 
4017(a)) is amended--
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting 
"(except as otherwise provided in this section)" after "without 
fiscal year limitation"; and
(2) by inserting after paragraph (7) (as added by the preced-
ing provisions of this title) the following new paragraph:.