PUBLIC LAW 103-325—SEPT. 23, 1994		108 STAT. 2285

beginning on the date that all obligations for such coverage (including completion of the application and payment of any initial premiums owed) are satisfactorily completed.

"(2) EXCEPTION.—The provisions of paragraph (1) shall not apply to—
	"(A) the initial purchase of flood insurance coverage under this title when the purchase of insurance is in connection with the making, increasing, extension, or renewal of a loan; or
	"(B) the initial purchase of flood insurance coverage pursuant to a revision or updating of floodplain areas or flood-risk zones under section 1360(h), if such purchase occurs during the 1-year period beginning upon publication of notice of the revision or updating under section 1360(h).".

(b) STUDY.—The Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall conduct a study to determine the appropriateness of existing requirements regarding the effective date and time of coverage under flood insurance contracts obtained through the national flood insurance program. In conducting the study, the Director shall determine whether any delay between the time of purchase of flood insurance coverage and the time of initial effectiveness of the coverage should differ for various classes of properties (based upon the type of property, location of the property, or any other factors related to the property) or for various circumstances under which such insurance was purchased. Not later than the expiration of the 6-month period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to the Congress a report on the results of the study.

SEC. 580. AGRICULTURAL STRUCTURES.

Section 1315(a) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4022(a)), as amended by the preceding provisions of this title, is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
	"(2) AGRICULTURAL STRUCTURES.--
		"(A) ACTIVITY RESTRICTIONS.--Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the adequate land use and control measures required to be adopted in an area (or subdivision thereof) pursuant to paragraph (1) may provide, at the discretion of the appropriate State or local authority, for the repair and restoration to predamaged conditions of an agricultural structure that—
			"(i) is a repetitive loss structure; or
			"(ii) has incurred flood-related damage to the extent that the cost of restoring the structure to its predamaged condition would equal or exceed 50 percent of the market value of the structure before the damage occurred.
		"(B) PREMIUM RATES AND COVERAGE.—To the extent applicable, an agricultural structure repaired or restored pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall pay chargeable premium rates established under section 1308 at the estimated risk premium rates under section 1307(a)(1). If resources are available, the Director shall provide technical assistance and counseling, upon request of the owner of the structure, regarding wet flood-proofing and other flood damage reduction measures for agricultural structures. The