PUBLIC LAW 103-325—SEPT. 23, 1994	108 STAT. 2179

in this paragraph shall affect the application of Federal tax law.
(2) LIABILITY OF GOVERNMENT.—This section does not oblige 
the Federal Government, either directly or indirectly, to provide 
any funds to any organization assisted pursuant to this section, 
or to honor, reimburse, or otherwise guarantee any obligation 
or liability of such an organization. This section shall not be 
construed to imply that any such organization or any obliga- 
tions or securities of any such organization are backed by 
the full faith and credit of the United States.
(f) USE OF PROCEEDS.—Any proceeds from the sale of loans 
by an organization assisted under this section shall be used by the seller for community development purposes.

SEC. 114. INCENTIVES FOR DEPOSITORY INSTITUTION PARTICIPATION.	12 USC 4713.

(a) FUNCTION OF ADMINISTRATOR.—
(1) IN GENERAL.—Of any funds appropriated pursuant to 
the authorization in section 121(a), the funds made available 
for use in carrying out this section in accordance with section 
121(a)(4) shall be administered by the Administrator of the 
Fund, in consultation with—
(A) the Federal banking agencies (as defined in section 
3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act) and the National 
Credit Union Administration;
(B) the individuals named pursuant to clauses (ii) and 
(iv) of section 104(d)(2)(G); and
(C) any other representatives of insured depository 
institutions or other persons as the Administrator may 
determine to be appropriate.
(2) APPLICABILITY OF BANK ENTERPRISE ACT OF 1991.—Sub- 
ject to subsection (b) and the consultation requirement of para- 
graph (1)—
(A) section 233 of the Bank Enterprise Act of 1991 
shall be applicable to the Administrator, for purposes of 
this section, in the same manner and to the same extent 
that such section is applicable to the Community Enterprise 
Assessment Credit Board;
(B) the Administrator shall, for purposes of carrying 
out this section and section 233 of the Bank Enterprise 
Act of 1991—
(i) have all powers and rights of the Community 
Enterprise Assessment Credit Board under section 233 
of the Bank Enterprise Act of 1991 to administer and 
enforce any provision of such section 233 which is 
applicable to the Administrator under this section; and
(ii) shall be subject to the same duties and restric- 
tions imposed on the Community Enterprise Assess- 
ment Credit Board; and
(C) the Administrator shall—
(i) have all powers and rights of an appropriate 
Federal banking agency under section 233(b)(2) of the 
Bank Enterprise Act of 1991 to approve or disapprove 
the designation of qualified distressed communities for 
purposes of this section and provide information and 
assistance with respect to any such designation; and