PUBLIC LAW 103-325--SEPT. 23, 1994             108 STAT. 2231

(3) the monetary impact that the failure to pay interest on sterile reserves has had on insured depository institutions, including an estimate of the total dollar amount of interest and the potential income lost by insured depository institutions; and 
(4) the impact that the failure to pay interest on sterile reserves has had on the ability of the banking industry to compete with nonbanking providers of financial services and with foreign banks.
(b) BUDGETARY IMPACT STUDY.--- Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget and the Director of the Congressional Budget Office, in consultation with the Committees on Budget of the Senate and the House of Representatives, shall jointly conduct a study and report to the Congress on the budgetary impact of---
(1) paying a market rate of interest to insured depository institutions on sterile reserves; and
(2) paying such interest into the respective deposit insurance funds. 

SEC 330. STUDY AND REPORT ON THE CONSUMER CREDIT SYSTEM.

(a) STUDY.---T he Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, and the other Federal banking agencies, shall conduct a study of the process, including any Federal laws, by which credit is made available for consumers and small businesses in order to identify procedures, including any Federal laws, which have the effect of---
(1) reducing the amount of credit available for such purposes or the number of persons eligible for such credit;
(2) increasing the level of consumer inconvenience cost, and time delays in connection with the extension of consumer and small business credit without corresponding benefit with respect to the protection of consumers or small businesses or the safety and soundness of insured depository institutions; and
(3) increasing costs and burdens on insured depository iInstitutions, insured credit unions, and other lenders without corresponding benefit with respect to the protection of consumers or small business concerns or to the safety and soundness of insured institutions.
(b) REPORT.---
(1) IN GENERAL.---Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit a report to the Congress on the findings and conclusions of the Secretary with respect to the study conducted under subsection (a).
(2) RECOMMENDATIONS.---The report required by paragraph (1) shall contain any recommendations for administrative action or statutory changes that the Secretary of the Treasury may determine to be appropriate.
(c) PUBLIC PARTICIPATION.---In conducting the study required by subsection (a), comments shall be solicited from consumers, representatives of consumers, insured depository institutions, insured credit unions, other lenders, and other interested parties.