108 STAT. 2180          PUBLIC LAW 103-325-SEPT. 23, 1994

(ii) shall be subject to the same duties imposed on the appropriate Federal banking agencies under such section 233(b)(2).

(3) AWARDS.-The Administrator shall determine the amount of assessment credits, and shall make awards of those credits. 

(4) REGULATIONS AND GUIDELINES.-The Administrator may prescribe such regulations and issue such guidelines as the Administrator determines to be appropriate to carry out this section. 

(5) EXCEPTIONS TO APPLICABILITY.-Notwithstanding paragraphs (1) through (4) of this subsection, subsections (a)(1) and (e)(2) of section 233 of the Bank Enterprise Act of 1991, and any other provision of the Federal Depository Insurance Act relating to the Bank Enterprise Act of 1991, do not apply to the Administrator for purposes of this subtitle.

(b) PROVISIONS RELATING TO ADMINISTRATION OF THIS
SECTION.-

(1) NEW LIFELINE ACCOUNTS.-In applying section 233 of the Bank Enterprise Act of 1991 for purposes of this section, the Administrator shall treat the provision of new lifeline accounts by an insured depository institution as an activity which is qualified to be taken into account under section 233(a)(2)(A) of such Act.

(2) DETERMINATION OF ASSESSMENT CREDIT.-For the purpose of this subtitle, section 233(a)(3) of the Bank Enterprise Act of 1991 (12 U.S.C. 1834a(a)(3)) shall be applied by substituting the following text:

"(3) AMOUNT OF ASSESSMENT CREDIT.-The amount of assessment credit which may be awarded to an insured depository institution to carry out the qualified activities of the institution or of the subsidiaries of the institution pursuant to this section for any semiannual period shall be equal to the sum of- 

(A) with respect to qualifying activities described in paragraph (2)(A), the amount which is equal to-
(i) 5 percent of the sum of the amounts determined under such subparagraph, in the case of an institution which is not a community development financial institution; or 
(ii) 15 percent of the sum of the amounts determined under such subparagraph, in the case of an institution which is a community development financial institution; and 

(B) with respect to qualifying activities described in paragraph (2)(C), 15 percent of the amounts determined under such subparagraph."

(3) ADJUSTMENT OF PERCENTAGE.-Section 233(a)(5) of the Bank Enterprise Act of 1991 shall be applied for purposes of this section by- 

(A) substituting "institutions which are community development financial institutions" for "institutions which meet the community development organization requirements under section 234"; and 

(B) substituting "institutions which are not community development financial institutions" for "institutions which do not meet such requirements".