PUBLIC LAW 103-325—SEPT. 23, 1994 108 STAT. 2165

an investment company authorized to operate pursuant to the Small Business Investment Act of 1958.
(7) COMMUNITY PARTNERSHIP.—The term "community part­ nership" means an agreement between a community develop­ ment financial institution and a community partner to provide development services, loans, or equity investments, to an invest­ment area or targeted population.
(8) DEPOSITORY INSTITUTION HOLDING COMPANY.—The term "depository institution holding company" has the same meaning as in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.
(9) DEVELOPMENT SERVICES.—The term "development serv­ices" means activities that promote community development and are integral to lending or investment activities, including—
(A) business planning;
(B) financial and credit counseling; and 
(C) marketing and management assistance.
(10) FUND.—The term "Fund" means the Community Devel­opment Financial Institutions Fund established under section 104(a).
(11) INDIAN RESERVATION.—The term "Indian reservation" has the same meaning as in section 4(10) of the Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978, and shall include land held by incorporated Native groups, regional corporations, and village corporations, as defined in or established pursuant to the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, public domain Indian allotments, and former Indian reservations in the State of Oklahoma.
(12) INDIAN TRIBE.—The term "Indian tribe" means any Indian tribe, band, pueblo, nation, or other organized group or community, including any Alaska Native village or regional or village corporation, as defined in or established pursuant to the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, which is recog­nized as eligible for the special programs and services provided by the United States to Indians because of their status as Indians.
(13) INSURED COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT FINANCIAL INSTITU­TION.—The term "insured community development financial institution" means any community development financial institution that is an insured depository institution or an insured credit union.
(14) INSURED CREDIT UNION.—The term "insured credit union" has the same meaning as in section 101(7) of the Federal Credit Union Act.
(15) INSURED DEPOSITORY INSTITUTION.—The term "insured depository institution" has the same meaning as in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.
(16) INVESTMENT AREA—The term "investment area" means a geographic area (or areas) including an Indian reserva­tion that—
(A)(i) meets objective criteria of economic distress developed by the Fund, which may include the percentage of low-income families or the extent of poverty, the rate of unemployment or underemployment, rural population outmigration, lag in population growth, and extent of blight and disinvestment; and
(ii) has significant unmet needs for loans or equity investments; or