PUBLIC LAW 103-325—SEPT. 23, 1994 
 108 STAT. 2177 
  
  (e) COORDINATION.—The Fund shall coordinate with other 
 appropriate Federal departments or agencies that operate similar 
 training programs in order to prevent duplicative efforts. 
 (f) REGULATORY FEE FOR PROVIDING TRAINING SERVICES.— 
 (1) GENERAL RULE.—The Fund may, at the discretion of 
 the Administrator and in accordance with this subsection, 
 assess and collect regulatory fees solely to cover the costs 
 of the Fund in providing training services under a training 
 program operated in accordance with this section. 
 (2) PERSONS SUBJECT TO FEE.—Fees may be assessed under 
 paragraph (1) only on persons who participate in the training 
 program. 
 (3) LIMITATION ON MANNER OF COLLECTION.—Fees may be 
 assessed and collected under this subsection only in such man 
 ner as may reasonably be expected to result in the collection 
 of an aggregate amount of fees during any fiscal year which 
 does not exceed the aggregate costs of the Fund for such year 
 in providing training services under a training program oper 
 ated in accordance with this section 
 (4) LIMITATION ON AMOUNT OF FEE.—The amount of any 
 fee assessed under this subsection on any person may not 
 exceed the amount which is reasonably based on the proportion 
 of the training services provided under a training program 
 operated in accordance with this section which relate to such 
 person.
 SEC. 110. ENCOURAGEMENT OF PRIVATE ENTITIES. 
 The Fund may facilitate the organization of corporations in 
 which the Federal Government has no ownership interest. The 
 purpose of any such entity shall be to assist community development 
 financial institutions in a manner that is complementary to the 
 activities of the Fund under this subtitle. Any such entity shall 
 be managed exclusively by persons not employed by the Federal 
 Government or any agency or instrumentality thereof, or by any 
 State or local government or any agency or instrumentality thereof.
 SEC. 111. COLLECTION AND COMPILATION OF INFORMATION. 
 The Fund shall— 
 (1) collect and compile information pertinent to community 
 development financial institutions that will assist in creating, 
 developing, expanding, and preserving such institutions; and 
 (2) make such information available to promote the pur 
 poses of this subtitle.
 SEC. 112. INVESTMENT OF RECEIPTS AND PROCEEDS. 
 (a) ESTABLISHMENT OF ACCOUNT.—Any dividends on equity 
 investments and proceeds from the disposition of investments, 
 deposits, or credit union shares that are received by the Fund 
 as a result of assistance provided pursuant to section 108 or 113, 
 and any fees received pursuant to section 109(f) shall be deposited 
 and accredited to an account of the Fund in the United States 
 Treasury (hereafter in this section referred to as “the account”) 
 established to carry out the purpose of this subtitle. 
 (b) INVESTMENTS.—Upon request of the Administrator, the Sec 
retary of the Treasury shall invest amounts deposited in the account 
in public debt securities with maturities suitable to the needs 
of the Fund, as determined by the Administrator, and bearing 
interest at rates determined by the Secretary of the Treasury,