PUBLIC LAW 103-325-SEPT. 23, 1994              108 STAT. 2171

(5) in the case of an applicant with a prior a history of serving investment areas or targeted populations, to demonstrate that the applicant-
    (A) has a record of success in serving investment areas or targeted populations; and
    (B) will expand its operations into a new investment area or serve a new targeted population, offer more products or services, or increase the volume of its current business; and
    (6) to include such other information as the Fund deems appropriate.
(c) PREAPPLICATION OUTREACH PROGRAM.- The Fund shall provide an outreach program to identify and provide information to potential applicants and may provide technical assistance to potential applicants, but shall not assist in the preparation of any application.

SEC. 106. COMMUNITY PARTNERSHIPS.
(a) APPLICATION- An application for assistance may be filed jointly by a community development financial institution and a community partner to carry out a community partnership.
(b) APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS.- The Fund shall require a community partnership application-
    (1) to meet the minimum requirements established for community development financial institutions under section 105(b), except that the criteria specified in paragraphs (1) and (2)(A) of section 105(b) shall not apply to the community partner;
    (2) to describe how each coapplicant will participate in carrying out the community partnership and how the partnership will enhance activities serving the investment area or targeted population; and
    (3) to demonstrate that the community partnership activities are consistent with the strategic plan submitted by the community development financial institution coapplicant.
(c) SELECTION CRITERIA- The Fund shall consider a community partnership application based on-
    (1) the community development financial institution coapplicant—
        (A) meeting the minimum selection criteria described in section 105; and
        (B) satisfying the selection criteria of section 107;
    (2) the extent to which the community partner coapplicant will participate in carrying out the partnership;
    (3) the extent to which the community partnership will enhance the likelihood of success of the community development financial institution coapplicant's strategic plan; and
    (4) the extent to which service to the investment area or targeted population will be better performed by a partnership as opposed to the individual community development financial institution coapplicant.
(d) LIMITATION ON DISTRIBUTION OF ASSISTANCE. -Assistance provided upon approval of an application under this section shall be distributed only to the community development financial institution coapplicant, and shall not be used to fund any activities carried out directly by the community partner or an affiliate or subsidiary thereof.