108 STAT. 2174              PUBLIC LAW 103-325 — SEPT. 23, 1994

    (2) LIMITATIONS. — No assistance made available under this
subtitle may be expended by a community development finan-
cial institution (or an organization receiving assistance under
section 113) to pay any person to influence or attempt to
influence any agency, elected official, officer, or employee of
a State or local government in connection with the making,
award, extension, continuation, renewal, amendment, or modi-
fication of any State or local government contract, grant, loan,
or cooperative agreement (as such terms are defined in section
1352 of title 31, United States Code).
(c) USES OF TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE.
    (1) TYPES OF ACTIVITIES. — Technical assistance may be used
for activities that enhance the capacity of a community develop-
ment financial institution, such as training of management
and other personnel and development of programs and invest-
ment or loan products.
    (2) AVAILABILITY OF TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE. — The Fund
may provide technical assistance, regardless of whether or not
the recipient also receives financial assistance under this
section.
(d) AMOUNT OF ASSISTANCE. —
    (1) IN GENERAL. — Except as provided in paragraph (2), the
Fund may provide not more than $5,000,000 of assistance,
in the aggregate, during any 3-year period to any 1 community
development financial institution and its subsidiaries and
affiliates.
    (2) EXCEPTION. — The Fund may provide not more than
$3,750,000 of assistance in addition to the amount specified
in paragraph (1) during the same 3-year period to an existing
community development financial institution that proposes to
establish a subsidiary or affiliate for the purpose of serving
an investment area or targeted population outside of any State
and outside of any metropolitan area presently served by the
institution, if —
        (A) the subsidiary or affiliate —
            (i) would be a community development financial
instituation; and
            (ii) independently —
                (I) meets the selection criteria described in
section 105; and
                (II) satisfies the selection criteria of section
  107; and
        (B) no other application for assistance to serve the
  investment area or targeted population has been submitted
  to the Administrator within a reasonable period of time
  preceding the date of receipt of the application at issue.
    (3) TIMING OF ASSISTANCE. — Assistance may be provided
as described in paragraphs (1) and (2) in a lump sum or
over a period of time, as determined by the Fund.
(e) MATCHING REQUIREMENTS. —
    (1) IN GENERAL. — Assistance other than technical assist-
ance shall be matched with funds from sources other than
the Federal Government on the basis of not less than one
dollar for each dollar provided by the Fund. Such matching
funds shall be at least comparable in form and value to assist-
ance provided by the Fund. The Fund shall provide no
assistance (other than technical assistance) until a community