PUBLIC LAW 103-325-SEPT. 23, 1994

Director shall assess the need to revise and update all floodplain areas and food risk zones identified, delineated, or established under this section, based on an analysis of all natural hazards affecting flood risks.
“(f) UPDATING FLOOD MAPS.-The Director shall revise and update any floodplain areas and flood-risk zones-
‘‘(1) upon the determination of the Director, according to the assessment under subsection (e), that revision and updating are necessary for the areas and zones; or
‘‘(2) upon the request from any State or local government stating that specific floodplain areas or flood-risk zones in the State or locality need revision or updating, if sufficient technical data justifying the request is submitted and the unit of government making the request agrees to provide funds in an amount determined by the Director, but which may not exceed 50 percent of the cost of carrying out the requested revision or update.
“(g) AVAILABILITY OF FLOOD MAPS.-To promote compliance with the requirements of this title, the Director shall make flood insurance rate maps and related information available free of charge to the Federal entities for lending regulation, Federal agency lenders, State agencies directly responsible for coordinating the national flood insurance program, and appropriate representatives of communities participating in the national flood insurance program, and at a reasonable cost to all other persons. Any receipts resulting from this subsection shall be deposited in the National Flood Insurance Fund, pursuant to section 1310(b)(6).
“(h) NOTIFICATION OF FLOOD MAP CHANGES.-The Director shall cause notice to be published in the Federal Register (or shall provide notice by another comparable method) of any change to flood insurance map panels and any change to flood insurance map panels issued in the form of a letter of map amendment or a letter of map revision. Such notice shall be published or otherwise provided not later than 30 days after the map change or revision becomes effective. Notice by any method other than publication in the Federal Register shall include all pertinent information, provide for regular and frequent distribution, and be at least as accessible to map users as notice in the Federal Register. All notices under this subsection shall include information on how to obtain copies of the changes or revisions.
“(i) COMPENDIA OF FLOOD MAP CHANGES.- Every 6 months, the Director shall publish separately in their entirety within a compendium, all changes and revisions to flood insurance map panels and all letters of map amendment and letters of map revision for which notice was published in the Federal Register or otherwise provided during the preceding 6 months. The Director shall make such compendia available, free of charge, to Federal entities for lending regulation, Federal agency lenders, and States and communities participating in the national flood insurance program pursuant to section 1310 and at cost to all other parties. Any receipts resulting from this subsection shall be deposited in the National Flood Insurance Fund, pursuant to section 1310(b)(6).
‘‘(j) PROVISION OF INFORMATION.-In the implementation of revisions to and updates of flood insurance rate maps, the Director shall share information, to the extent appropriate, with the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere and representatives from State coastal zone management programs.’’.