(i) References to this title or any provision thereof include regulations issued under this title or the provision thereof in question.
(j) All reports required under this title and all records of any such reports are specifically exempted from disclosure under section 552 of title 5, United States Code.
(k) For the purposes of section 1001 of title 18, United States Code, the contents of reports required under any provision of this title are statements and representations in matters within the jurisdiction of an agency of the United States.
(l) The term "monetary instruments" means coin and currency of the United States, and in addition, such foreign coin and currencies, 64 and such types of travelers' checks, bearer negotiable instruments, bearer investment securities, bearer securities, and stock with title pass- ing upon delivery, or the equivalent thereof, as the Secretary may by regulation specify for the purposes of the provision of this title to which the regulation relates.

§ 204. Regulations

The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as he may deem appropriate to carry out the purposes of this title.

§ 205. Compliance

(a) The Secretary shall have the responsibility to assure compliance with the requirements of this title and may delegate such responsibility to the appropriate bank supervisory agency, or other supervisory agency.
(b) The Secretary may by regulation require any class of domestic financial institutions to maintain such procedures as he may deem appropriate to assure compliance with the provisions of this title. For the purposes of both civil and criminal penalties for violations of this section, a separate violation shall be deemed to occur with respect to each day and each separate office, branch, or place of business in which the violation occurs or continues.

§ 206. Exemptions

The Secretary may make such exemptions from any requirement otherwise imposed under this title as he may deem appropriate. Any such exemption may be conditional or unconditional, by regulation, order, or licensing, or any combination thereof, and may relate to any particular transaction, to the type or amount of the transaction, to the party or parties or the classification of parties, or to any combination thereof. The Secretary may in his discretion, in any manner giving actual or constructive notice to the parties affected, revoke any exemption made under this section. Any such revocation shall remain in effect pending any judicial review.

§ 207. Civil penalty

(a) For each willful violation of this title, the Secretary may assess upon any domestic financial institution, and upon any partner, director, officer, or employee thereof who willfully participates in the violation, a civil penalty not exceeding $1,000.
(b) In the event of the failure of any person to pay any penalty assessed under this title, a civil action for the recovery thereof may, in the discretion of the Secretary, be brought in the name of the United States.

§ 208. Injunctions

Whenever it appears to the Secretary that any person has engaged, is engaged, or is about to engage in any acts or practices constituting a violation of the provisions of this title, or any order thereunder, he may in his discretion bring an action, in the proper district court