                              84 STAT. ]                 PUBLIC LAW 91-508-OCT. 26, 1970                                   1115

"(2) It is the purpose of this section to require the maintenance of 
appropriate types of records by insured banks in the United States 
where such records have a high degree of usefulness in criminal, tax, 
or regulatory investigations or proceedings.
"(b) Where the Secretary of the Treasury (referred to in this sec- 
tion as the 'Secretary') determines that the maintenance of appropriate
types of records and other evidence by insured banks has a high degree 
of usefulness in criminal, tax, or regulatory investigations or pro-
ceedings, he shall prescribe regulations to carry out the purposes 
of this section.
"(c) Each insured bank shall maintain such records and other evi- 
dence, in such form as the Secretary shall require, of the identity of 
each person having an account in the United States with the bank 
and of each individual authorized to sign checks, make withdrawals,
or otherwise act with respect to any such account. The Secretary may 
make such exemptions from any requirement otherwise imposed under
this subsection as are consistent with the purposes of this section.
"(d) Each insured bank shall make, to the extent that the regula- 
tions of the Secretary so require—
"(1) a microfilm or other reproduction of each check, draft, or
similar instrument drawn on it and presented to it for payment; 
                 and
"(2) a record of each check, draft, or similar instrument
     received by it for deposit or collection, together with an identifi-
     cation of the party for whose account it is to be deposited or col- 
     lected, unless the bank has already made a record of the party's
     identity pursuant to subsection (c).
"(e) Whenever any individual engages (whether as principal, agent, 
or bailee) in any transaction with an insured bank which is required
to be reported or recorded under the Currency and Foreign Transac- 
tions Reporting Act, the bank shall require and retain such evidence 
of the identity of that individual as the Secretary may prescribe as 
appropriate under the circumstances.
"(f) In addition to or in lieu of the records and evidence otherwise 
referred to in this section, each insured bank shall maintain such 
records and evidence as the Secretary may prescribe to carry out the 
purposes of this section.
"(g) Any type of record or evidence required under this section
shall be retained for such period as the Secretary may prescribe for
the type in question. Any period so prescribed shall not exceed six 
years unless the Secretary determines, having regard for the purposes
of this section, that a longer period is necessary in the case of a partic- 
ular type of record or evidence.
"(h) The Secretary shall include in his annual report to the Con- 
gress information on his implementation of the authority conferred 
by this section and any similar authority with respect to recordkeeping
or reporting requirements conferred by other provisions of law."