1116                          PUBLIC LAW 91-508-OCT. 26, 1970                        [84 STAT.

ยง 102. Retention of records by insured institutions
    Title IV of the National Housing Act is amended by adding at the
end thereof the following new section:
    "Sec. 411. The Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe such regu-
lations as may be appropriate to carry out, with respect to insured
institutions, the purposes set forth in section 21 of the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act with respect to insured banks."

                          Chapter 2-OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
Sec.
    121. Congressional findings and purpose.
    122. Authority of Secretary with respect to reports on ownership and control.
    123. Authority of Secretary with respect to recordkeeping and procedures.
    124. Injunctions.
    125. Civil penalties.
    126. Criminal penalty.
    127. Additional criminal penalty in certain cases.
    128. Compliance.
    129. Administrative procedure. 

ยง 121. Congressional findings and purpose
    (a) The Congress finds that certain records maintained by busi-
nesses engaged in the functions described in section 123 (b) of this Act
have a high degree of usefulness in criminal, tax, and regulatory in-
vestigations and proceedings. The Congress further finds that the
power to require reports of changes in the ownership, control, and
managements of types of financial institutions referred to in section
122 of this Act may be necessary for the same purpose.
    (b) It is the purpose of this chapter to require the maintenance of
appropriate types of records and the making of appropriate reports
by such businesses in the United States when such records or reports
have a high degree of usefulness in criminal, tax, or regulatory in-
vestigations or proceedings.

ยง 122. Authority of Secretary with respect to reports on ownership and control
    Where the Secretary determines that the making of appropriate
reports by uninsured banks or uninsured institutions of any type with
respect to their ownership, control, and managements and any changes
therein has a high degree of usefulness in criminal, tax, or regulatory
investigations or proceedings, he may by regulation require such banks
or institutions to make such reports as he determines in respect of
such ownership, control, and managements and changes therein.

ยง 123. Authority of Secretary with respect to recordkeeping and procedures
    (a) Where the Secretary determines that the maintenance of
appropriate records and procedures by any uninsured bank or unin-
sured institution, or any person engaging in the business of carrying
on in the United States any of the functions referred to in subsection
(b) of this section, has a high degree of usefulness in criminal, tax,
or regulatory investigations or proceedings, he may by regulation
require such bank, institution, or person-