ยง 221. Reports of currency transactions required

Transactions involving any domestic financial institution shall be reported to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and in such detail as the Secretary may require if they involve the payment, receipt, or transfer of United States currency, or such other monetary instruments as the Secretary may specify, in such amounts, denominations, or both, or under such circumstances, as the Secretary shall by regulation prescribe. 

ยง 222. Persons required to file reports

The report of any transaction required to be reported under this chapter shall be signed or otherwise made both by the domestic financial institution involved and by one or more of the other parties thereto or participants therein, as the Secretary may require. If any party to or participant in the transaction is not an individual acting only for himself, the report shall identify the person or persons on whose behalf the transaction is entered into, and shall be made by the individuals acting as agents or bailees with respect thereto.  

ยง 223. Reporting procedure
 
(a) The Secretary may in his discretion designate domestic financial institutions, individually or by class, as agents of the United States to receive reports required under this chapter, except that an institution which is not insured, chartered, examined, or registered as such by any agency of the United States may not be so designated without its consent. The Secretary may suspend or revoke any such designation for any violation of this Act, of section 21 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, or section 411 of the National Housing Act.

(b) Any person (other than an institution designated under subsection (a) ) required to file a report under this chapter with respect to a transaction with a domestic financial institution shall file the report with that institution, except that (1) if the institution is not designated under subsection (a), the report Shall be filed as the Secretary shall prescribe, and (2) any such person may, at his election and in lieu of filing the report in the manner hereinabove prescribed, file the report with the Secretary. Domestic financial institutions designated under subsection (a) shall transmit reports filed with them, and shall file their own reports, as the Secretary shall prescribe. 

Chapter 3.-REPORTS OF EXPORTS AND IMPORTS OF MONETARY INSTRUMENTS
Sec.
231. Reports required.
232. Forfeiture.
233. Civil liability.
234. Remission by the Secretary. 
235. Enforcement authority.

ยง 231. Reports required
 
(a) Except as provided in subsection (c) of this section, whoever, whether as principal, agent, or bailee, or by an agent or bailee, knowingly

(1) transports or causes to be transported monetary instruments

(A) from any place within the United States to or through any place outside the United States, or
(B) to any place within the United States from or through any place outside the United States, or
(2) receives monetary instruments at the termination of their transportation to the United States from or through any place outside the United States

in an amount exceeding $5,000 on any one occasion shall file a report or report's in accordance with subsection (b) of this section. 