PUBLIC LAW 91-509-OCT. 26, 1970 

"§ 622. Relation to State laws 
"This title does not annul, alter, affect, or exempt any person subject to the provisions of this title from complying with the laws of any State with respect to the collection, distribution, or use of any information on consumers, except to the extent that those laws are inconsistent with any provision of this title, and then only to the extent of the inconsistency." 

EFFECTIVE DATE 
SEC. 602. Section 504 of the Consumer Credit Protection Act is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new subsection: 
"(d) Title VI takes effect upon the expiration of one hundred and eighty days following the date of its enactment." 
Approved October 26, 1970.

Public Law 91-509
October 26, 1970 [S. 2695]

AN ACT
To provide for the retirement of officers and members of the Metropolitan Police Force, the Fire Department of the District of Columbia, the United States Park Police Force, the Executive Protective Service, and of certain officers and members of the United States Secret Service, and for other purposes.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That section 12 of the Act of September 1, 1916 (39 Stat. 718), as amended (D. C. Code, sec. 4-521 et seq.) is amended as follows: 
(1) Paragraph (4) of subsection (a) of such section (D. C. Code, sec.4-521) is amended to read as follows: 
"(4) The term ‘widower’ means the surviving husband of a member who was married to such individual while she was a member." 
(2) Paragraph (5) of subsection (a) of such section (D. C. Code, sec. 4-521) is amended to read as follows: 
"(5) (A) The term ‘child’ means an unmarried child, including (i) an adopted child, and (ii) a stepchild or recognized natural child who lives with the member in a regular parent-child relationship, under the age of eighteen years, or such unmarried child regardless of age who, because of physical or mental disability incurred before the age of eighteen, is incapable of self-support. 
"(B) The term ‘student child’ means an unmarried child who is a student between the ages of eighteen and twenty-two years, inclusive, and who is regularly pursuing a full-time course of study or training in residence or in a high school, trade school, technical or vocational institute, junior college, college, university, or comparable recognized educational institution."
(3) Subsection (d) of such section (D. C. Code, sec. 4-524) is amended as follows: 
(A) Paragraph (1) of such subsection is amended to read as follows: 
"(1) On and after the first day of the first pay period which begins on or after the effective date of the Policemen and Firemen’s Retirement and Disability Act Amendments of 1970 there shall be deducted and withheld from each member’s basic salary an amount equal to 7 percentum of such basic salary. Such deductions and withholdings shall be paid to the Collector of Taxes of the District of Columbia, and shall be deposited in the Treasury to the credit of the District of Columbia." 
(B) Paragraph (3) of such subsection is amended by inserting