84 STAT. ]            PUBLIC LAW 91-508—OCT. 26, 1970                                                                                1117

        (1) to require, retain, or maintain, with respect to its func-
tions as an uninsured bank or uninsured institution or its func-
tions referred to in subsection (b), any records or evidence of any
type which the Secretary is authorized under section 21 of the
Federal Deposit Insurance Act to require insured banks to require,
retain, or maintain; and
        (2) to maintain procedures to assure compliance with require-
ments imposed under this chapter. For the purposes of any civil
or criminal penalty, a separate violation of any requirement
under this paragraph occurs with respect to each day and each
separate office, branch, or place of business in which the violation
occurs or continues.
(b) The authority of the Secretary under this section extends to any
person engaging in the business of carrying on any of the following
functions:
        (1) Issuing or redeeming checks, money orders, travelers
checks, or similar instruments, except as an incident to the con-
duct of its own nonfinancial business.
        (2) Transferring funds or credits domestically or 
internationally.
        (3) Operating a currency exchange or otherwise dealing in
foreign currencies or credits.
        (4) Operating a credit card system.
        (5) Performing such similar, related, or substitute functions
for any of the foregoing or for banking as may be specified by the
Secretary in regulations.

§ 124. Injunctions
Whenever it appears to the Secretary that any person has engaged,
is engaged, or is about to engage in any acts or practices constituting a
violation of any regulation under this chapter, he may in his discretion 
bring an action, in the proper district court of the United States or the
proper United States court of any territory or other place subject to
the jurisdiction of the United States, to enjoin such acts or practices,
and upon a proper showing a permanent or temporary injunction or
restraining order shall be granted without bond. Upon application of
the Secretary, any such court may also issue mandatory injunctions
commanding any person to comply with any regulation of the Secre-
tary under this chapter.

§ 125. Civil penalties.
(a) For each willful violation of any regulation under this chapter,
the Secretary may assess upon any person to which the regulation
applies, and, if such person is a partnership, corporation, or other
entity, upon any partner, director, officer, or employee thereof who
willfully participates in the violation, a civil penalty not exceeding
$1,000.
(b) In the event of the failure of any person to pay any penalty
assessed under this section, a civil action for the recovery thereof may,
in the discretion of the Secretary, be brought in the name of the
United States.