84 Stat. ]

PUBLIC LAW 91-508-OCT. 26, 197 0 


of the United States or the proper United States court of any territory or other place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, to enjoin such acts or practices, and upon a proper showing a permanent or temporary injunction or restraining order shall be granted without bond. Upon application of the Secretary, any such court may also issue mandatory injunctions commanding any person to comply with the provisions of this title or any order of the Secretary made in pursuance thereof.

§ 209. Criminal penalty

Whoever willfully violates any provision of this title or any reg- ulation under this title shall be fined not more than $1,000, or imprisoned not more than one year, or both. 

§ 210. Additional criminal penalty in certain cases

Whoever willfully violates any provision of this title where the violation is- 

(1) committed in furtherance of the commission of any other violation of Federal law, or 

(2) committed as part of a pattern of illegal activity involving transactions exceeding $100,000 in any twelve-month period, shall be fined not more than $500,000 or imprisoned not more than five years, or both.

§ 211. Immunity of witnesses 

Whenever a witness refuses on the basis of his privilege against self-incrimination, to testify or provide other information in a pro- ceeding involving any violation of this title before or ancillary to-

(1 ) a court or grand jury of the United States, 

(2) an agency of the United States, or 

(3) either House of Congress, a joint committee of the two Houses, or a committee or a subcommittee of either House,

and the person presiding over the proceeding communicates to the witness an order requiring him to give testimony or provide other information, the witness may not refuse to comply with the order on the basis of his privilege against self-incrimination. No such testi- mony or other information so compelled under the order or evidence or other information which is obtained by the exploitation of such testimony may be used against the witness in any criminal case, except a prosecution for perjury, giving a false statement, or otherwise fail- ing to comply with the order.
 
§ 212. Availability of information to other Federal agencies

The Secretary shall, upon such conditions and pursuant to such 
procedures as he may by regulation prescribe, make any information  set forth in reports filed pursuant to this title available for a purpose  consistent with the provisions of this title to any other department or  agency of the Federal Government on the request of the head of such department or agency. 

§ 213. Administrative procedure

Subject to section 203 (i), the administrative procedure and judicial  review provisions of subchapter II of chapter 5 and chapter 7 of title  5, United States Code, shall apply to all proceedings under this title. 
 
Chapter 2.-DOMESTIC CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS 

Sec. 
221. Reports of currency transactions required. 
222. Persons required to file reports. 
223. Reporting procedure. 


Ante, p. 1120.

80 Stat. 381. 5 USC 551, 701.