1128                   PUBLIC LAW 91-508-OCT. 26, 1970                        [84 STAT.

                          "ยง 601. Short title
          "This title may be cited as the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
        "ยง 602. Findings and purpose
          "(a) The Congress makes the following findings:
          "(1) The banking system is dependent upon fair and accurate 
        credit reporting. Inaccurate credit reports directly impair the ef-
        ficiency of the banking system, and unfair credit reporting methods
        undermine the public confidence which is essential to the continued
        functioning of the banking system.
          "(2) An elaborate mechanism has been developed for investigating
        and evaluating the credit worthiness, credit standing, credit capacity,
        character, and general reputation of consumers.
          "(3) Consumer reporting agencies have assumed a vital role in
        assembling and evaluating consumer credit and other information on
        CoIlSlUners.
          "(4) There is a need to insure that consumer reporting agencies
        exercise their grave responsibilities with fairness, impartiality, and
        a respect for the consumer's right to privacy.
          "(b) It is the purpose of this title to require that consumer report-
        ing agencies adopt reasonable procedures for meeting the needs of
        commerce for consumer credit, personnel, insurance, and other in-
        formation in a manner which is fair and equitable to the consumer,
        with regard to the confidentiality, accuracy, relevancy, and proper
        utilization of such information in accordance with the requirements
        of this title.
         "ยง 603. Definitions and rules of construction
          "(a) Definitions and rules of construction set forth in this section
        are applicable for the purposes of this title.
          "(b) The term 'person' means any individual, partnership, corpo-
        ration, trust, estate, cooperative, association, government or govern-
        mental subdivision or agency, or other entity.
          "(c) The term 'consumer' means an individual.
          "(d) The term 'consumer report' means any written, oral, or other
        communication of any information by a consumer reporting agency
        bearing on a consumer's credit worthiness, credit standing, credit
        capacity, character, general reputation, personal characteristics, or
        mode of living which is used or expected to be used or collected in
        whole or in part for the purpose of serving as a factor in establishing
        the consumer's eligibility for (1) credit or insurance to be used pri-
        marily for personal, family, or household purposes, or (2) employ-
        ment purposes, or (3) other purposes authorized under section 604.
        The term does not include (A) any report containing information
        solely as to transactions or experiences between the consumer and
        the person making the report; (B) any authorization or approval of
        a specific extension of credit directly or indirectly by the issuer of
        a credit card or similar device; or (C) any report in which a person
        who has been requested by a third party to make a specific extension
        of credit directly or indirectly to a consumer conveys his decision
        with respect to such request, if the third party advises the consumer
        of the name and address of the person to whom the request was made
        and such person makes the disclosures to the consumer required under
        section 615.
           "(e) The term 'investigative consumer report' means a consumer
        report or portion thereof in which information on a consumer's
        character, general reputation, personal characteristics, or mode of liv-
        ing is obtained through personal interviews with neighbors, friends,
        or associates of the consumer reported on or with others with whom
        he is acquainted or who may have knowledge concerning any such