84 Stat.]          PUBLIC LAW 91-508-OCT. 26, 1970                                                                                                                   1131

    "(b) Whenever a consumer reporting agency prepares a consumer
report it shall follow reasonable procedures to assure maximum possi-
ble accuracy of the information concerning the individual about whom
the report relates.

"§ 608. Disclosure to governmental agencies
    "Notwithstanding the provisions of section 604, a consumer report-
ing agency may furnish identifying information respecting any
consumer, limited to his name, address, former addresses, places of
employment, or former places of employment, to a governmental
agency.
                                                                    
"§ 609. Disclosures to consumers
    "(a) Every consumer reporting agency shall, upon request and
proper identification of any consumer, clearly and accurately disclose
to the consumer:
        "(1) The nature and substance of all information (except medical
    information) in its files on the consumer at the time of the request.
        "(2) The sources of the information; except that the sources of
   information acquired solely for use in preparing an investigative con-
   sumer report and actually used for no other purpose need not be dis-
   closed: Provided, That in the event an action is brought under this
   title, such sources shall be available to the plaintiff under appropriate
   discovery procedures in the court in which the action is brought.
        "(3) The recipients of any consumer report on the consumer which
    it has furnished-
        "(A) for employment purposes within the two-year period
     preceding the request, and
        "(B) for any other purpose within the six-month period pre-
    ceding the request.
    "(b) The requirements of subsection (a) respecting the disclosure
of sources of information and the recipients of consumer reports do
not apply to information received or consumer reports furnished prior
to the effective date of this title except to the extent that the matter
involved is contained in the files of the consumer reporting agency on
that date.
  
"§ 610. Conditions of disclosure to consumers
    "(a) A consumer reporting agency shall make the disclosures
required under section 609 during normal business hours and on
reasonable notice.
    "(b) The disclosures required under section 609 shall be made to the
consumer-
        "(1) in person if he appears in person and furnishes proper
    identification; or
        "(2) by telephone if he has made a written request, with
    proper identification, for telephone disclosure and the toll charge,
    if any, for the telephone call is prepaid by or changed directly to
    the consumer.
    "(c) Any consumer reporting agency shall provide trained person-
nel to explain to the consumer any information furnished to him pur-
suant to section 609.
    "(d) The consumer shall be permitted to be accompanied by one
other person of his choosing, who shall furnish reasonable identifica-
tion. A consumer reporting agency may require the consumer to fur-
nish a written statement granting permission to the consumer
reporting agency to discuss the consumer's file in such person’s
presence.
    "(e) Except as provided in sections 616 and 617, no consumer may
bring any action or proceeding in the nature of defamation, invasion of
privacy, or negligence with respect to the reporting of information